i booked this hotel , taking note of trip advisor reviews and suspected that it would have some irks , but i am used to thailand and can cope with most things .
as you arrive the hotel looks impressive , both outside with its lovely carp pool and then in the large reception area designed in thai style .
however , that is where it stops .
check-in brings you down to earth .
uninterested staff who seem to try not to talk to you and go off and do other things ( such as talking to other staff and answer the phone ) whilst they are checking you in .
this meant that i had to stand waiting for the reception staff to finish off their other work when they were actually half-way through dealing with me .
15 minutes to check-in - after queuing to be checked-in .
the rooms are old thai style and need a renovation .
our room had a problem with small ant like insects - they do n't bite , but the fact that they would turn up every day , suggests this is a known problem that is parked as too hard .
our room did not have a mini-safe but the option to leave your valuables in a safe at reception .
this is just not acceptable these days .
the rooms have old fashioned keys that you leave with reception when you go out ( remember them !
) .
not a problem , except when you want to hand your key in there is a basket for you to put it in .
there is nothing to stop someone else picking up the key ( especially with the reception desk being understaffed with uninterested staff ) .
room cleaning , as mentioned before was adequate when it happens - my room was not cleaned very day , even with the clean my room please sign on the door .
not acceptable .
breakfast should contain all the usual buffet items , but you will be hard pushed to find a clean table or anything left - shocking service .
so here is the rub ( in my opinion ) .
the hotel seems to focus on package groups - no problem , but you have forgotten the individual guests .
blocking off tables for tour groups is fine , but not when there is no where for your non-tour group guests to have breakfast etc .
so - i would love to go back to beautiful chiang mai , but not this hotel - there are plenty of excellent hotels in the same area .
i pray that evolution takes place and this hotel suffers from a lack of guests and then will focus on how to get us back in .
i would not recommend this hotel for anyone but tour groups .
