the lodge is located on the rim of the ngorongoro crater and the view is just breathtaking. .
when the sun is going down over the crater it was so quite at the rim - i guess we all just needed time to soak it all in. .
had a nice welcome with some fruit juice - very good after a day in the crater .
the lodge is big - a little to big for what i prefer - it makes it a little less personal than the tented camp we also stayed in during our safari .
we stayed one night in room # 19 - a spacious and clean double room with a large bathroom .
all the necessary amenities was there .
the room also had a charger for our european chargers .
free wifi .
big windows for great views .
both dinner and breakfast is served buffet style in a nice restaurant with great view over the crater .
the dinner was very good and the buffet had a great selection for warm and cold food and for desserts .
for our dinner , celebrating my birthday , we wanted to have our driver/guide to join us , like he did on all the other places .
the lodge seemed to have some odd rules for that , as the drivers/guides are suppose to eat and sleep further down to rim .
we were happy to managed to have him join us for a great birthdaydinner. .
( no other guides/drivers in sight. .
) as a surprise for my birthday the staff had made a cake and the ngorongoro sopa lodge choir sang and danced - very emotional - asante sana .
after dark you have one of the guards to follow you to your room - always to remember that we are visiting the wild animals kingdom. .
it was chilling in the evening and we were very happy to find hot water bottles in our bed coming back to our room after dinner .
had a good breakfast with a great view over the crater before continuing our safari .
the lodge gave us very good picnic-lunch-boxes to go. .
all the staff we met during our stay was all smiling and helpful .
the sopa lodge is a good choice to stay with an amazing view over the crater - still , if you can find a smaller lodge , or maybe a tented camp in the area , i would go for that .
