the first room we were given , room 202 was very worn .
there was no chair , like in the pictures , and both the towel rack and toilet roll holder were missing ( though the metal connectors that used to attach them to the wall were still in place ) .
the room smelled very musty and we found out why later - the shower curtain is too short for the small shower .
there is a 3-4 '' tall lip for the shower , but gallons of water end up in the rest of the bathroom because there is a 2-3 '' gap between the lip of the shower and the bottom of the shower curtain .
by the time my husband got out , the entire bathroom was flooded with ~3 '' of water .
there is no drain in the bathroom floor , so the water did n't go away .
we asked for more pillows and were told there were none .
sleep was almost impossible because of the noise from the street ( windows were closed ) .
the paint job was chipped in many places .
the next morning , we asked to be moved because the bathroom .
we also requested to be put on the other side of the hotel .
room 212 looked a lot more like the pictures on the website .
the shower curtain was long enough so that the rest of the bathroom did not flood , the towel rack and toilet paper holder were still in place , and there was a chair .
we slept much better the second night , mainly because we were on the other side of the hotel .
the light fixtures are also fans .
there was nothing covering the bare florescent bulb in either room and there was no way to dim the light - it was the only light in the room and was blindingly bright .
if we had been given room 212 at the beginning , my review would probably more favorable , but our experience the first night soured us on this hotel .
the staff was pleasant and fairly helpful .
though , we asked for recommendations for dinner and were told to just `` walk around '' and we 'd find something ( this is in an area of town where you do not want to walk around exploring at night ) .
breakfast was nothing like other reviewers mentioned - no fruit and very bad coffee .
we were served at our table and not given any choice as to what to eat .
the location is close to the things a tourist would want to see in san jose .
if you get one of the `` better '' rooms at this hotel , it is an ok place to stay .
if you get one like we did the first night , you will never want to return .
