we stayed here for two nights in a strip-view room on the 38th floor .
this hotel is so unique from any other vegas hotel in that it is hidden within the mandalay bay occupying its 35th to 39th floors but it has a separate entrance and lobby , a separate guest-only pool , a separate and beautiful spa and gym facility , and two restaurants .
you get the best of both worlds - the serene and seclusive environment of fs and the busy vibe of mb .
when you are in fs everything is so quiet , but once you walk through “the secret door” to mb you have access to its casino , a variety of dining and entertainment options , plus all its five crowded pools - you get the picture .
the room and the all-marble bathroom are very clean .
the decor is good but can not be described as stylish .
the pillow-top mattress is extremely comfortable and linens feel great and smooth .
the ceiling-to-floor window allows a fantastic view of the strip - the only thing is that the green tint makes everything look different ( i suppose this has to do with the golden coating of mb ) .
the bathtub and shower are separate and there is a separate room for toilet .
we loved the l’occitane and ( ! !
) bvlgari toiletries .
the bathroom is not as shining as newer hotels like the trump if you would notice small details such as scratches on the bathtub and some peeling-off caulk , but generally it has been very well maintained .
the service is the highlight of the hotel .
housekeeping was superb and cared about all details .
on the first night the shower and bathtub did not drain properly , but they were fixed quickly after we reported it .
we were not given the key to the minibar when checking in ( why on earth do they want to have a key to the minibar at the first place ?
) and only found it out after we tried to get creamers in the morning ; but they delivered both the key and extra creamers quickly .
another good thing is that fs is among the few hotels in vegas that does not charge a mandatory resort fee .
well there is a catch : you pay for internet ( $ 15 ) and valet parking ( $ 19 ) .
the complimentary services include a house car that will drop you off within 3 miles radius ( no pick-up though ) , overnight shoe shine , access to the spa facility ( including the steam room ) and the gym .
we found out , as also suggested by other ta reviewers , that the house car is not really that useful during evenings due to high demand - we were told to wait 30 minutes and they got us a cab instead instantly ( in those mega casino hotels there is always a line for cabs ) .
