i 'm not a big gambler , but i joined the ( free ) d 's players club and played some 25 cent slots in the past there .
for the past year or so i 've been getting online offers to stay at the d. my sunday - thursday offer was stay one night at club rate ( $ 22 ) and get one night free .
the best thing about this is there was no resort fee at all on any night .
anyway , i added 2 more nights at $ 22 per night ( and no resort fee ) for a total of $ 66 for 4 nights ( $ 16 .
50 per night !
) .
wait , it gets better - this hotel rebranded from the old fitzgerald 's to the d two years ago and underwent a complete top-to-bottom renovation as well !
the hallways and rooms were done up in bold red and black accents and looked nicely trendy .
the room had new ( very ) comfy beds , furniture , and hdtv .
the bathroom was like an average hotel .
newish ( but not brand new ) fixtures .
generally , the housekeeping was good , however , i had to make 3 deductions .
first , when i arrived , the bathroom floor was n't completely swept and there was soap scum in the soap holder ( 1 ) .
these problems disappeared after the first night .
second , at night , i could see the window was covered in fingerprints ( 2 ) .
finally , one day , my rooms did n't get cleaned ( 3 ) .
i was able to get replacement towels easily , however , by phoning the front desk .
the new d grill ( coffee shop ) is one of the best in las vegas , in my opinion .
gorgeous modern surroundings , fantastic french toast ( real maple syrup ) , and typicial excellent low fremont street prices .
finally , the casino itself is perhaps the most fun in las vegas with the party vibe , dancing dealers , and a bar & tv screens as far as the eye can see .
if you prefer a quieter scene , head upstairs one floor where you 'll still find slots that take real coins , 50 's and 60 's music , and the old-fashioned sigma derby horse racing machine ( get there early to get a seat ) .
the d is good but not perfect ( yet ) .
bottom line , for $ 16 .
50 a night ( and no resort fee ) , i 'll stay there again on my next solo trip .
