nice place , comfy bed , stunner view of water and boats ( see pic ) , close to town , which has tons of good restaurants and things to do , charming .
excellent towels , thick and fluffy .
a nearby candy machine for those sudden cravings .
excellent free breakfast , great bacon , eggs , muffins the works , friendly and attentive staff .
cozy and buzzing bar area .
but somehow just misses true luxury , at least in our room , which was number 237 i think , which was in a newer section , or at least closer to the water .
overall fine , but the little details add up : the elevator in our building looked tired in appearance and needs a spiffing up and rehab .
the bathroom is very small ( see pic ) , with one small sink , not great for two adults .
one would expect to find that at a budget motel .
and not great , and important for me anyway , this place does hundreds of weddings .
i am not kidding , hundreds .
on the night we were there , we went down for dinner , expecting a fairly formal and quiet white tablecloth-type dining room , but that room had been taken over by a wedding .
the bad news is that we were seated in some kind of noisy porch , no tablecloths , one harried server ( who was trying hard ) .
the good news , and quite creditworthy actually , is that when we asked what had happened to the nicer room and where else we might go in town for a quieter , nicer dinner experience , nonantum in a very nice way volunteered to call ahead and try to get us a seating at the kennebunkport inn .
they did do that and got us a seating a mere 30 minutes later .
that kind effort on their part saved our evening - the inn had valet parking , which is pretty necessary in town , was quieter , way more luxurious , fine wood finishes , attentive staff , absolutely superb food .
( i will write a review ) .
so i would have to say , at least based on our one night 's experience , that nonantum is becoming or has become essentially a wedding `` venue '' , not a luxury inn as such .
that may well have been a necessity in order to survive in today 's economy .
it is certainly a sound business plan .
if you do n't mind staying in a wedding venue , nonantum is excellent at what it does , and friendly and helpful and all , but private and quiet and high end it is n't .
and , yes , the bridesmaids were classically beautiful and all the groomsmen handsome in their white pants and navy blazers and the music stopped at an early hour .
may the couple live happily ever after !
