as i started my first day at the hotel , i thought beautiful structure but not as beautiful as other four seasons where i have been .
my wife went for a workout and i took the kids to the pool .
the pool is nice enough but nothing special .
i had hoped for a more spectacular view of the ocean but the ocean is a bit farther away than i thought .
however , after spending two nights here we just booked another three days .
the service is simply the best .
i have never met a more competent and friendly team to make reservations , solve problems and do it in a way that makes it seem that it really is their pleasure .
i found out that another couple had received a third night free so i went to the front desk to get the same .
she politely showed me that if my family was playing golf and using spa treatments , it may make more sense to have the plans that i had already booked .
she then took the time to go through a series of complicated calculations that saved us over $ 1,000 on a 6 night stay .
additionally , i have now played the golf course which was an unmitigated pleasure .
i found new parts to the garden which includes tennis courts , croquet , children 's play area , soccer field , etc .
the bedrooms are large and luxurious as are the bathrooms .
the public areas are beautiful and we love the nightly , live music in the lovely bar area .
my wife tells me the workout and spa facilities are first rate .
as to the area , aviara is an upscale and pretty neighborhood about 20-30 minutes north of downtown san diego .
we really enjoy the area because it is easy access to real stuff -- starbucks , cinemas , shopping , etc .
beside the fact that we are in a hotel , it is like living the life of a resident being in a neighborhood setting .
we will definitely be back for the beauty of the location , nice facilities and unbelievable service .
the pool area is nothing special but my kids do n't seem to notice as they love it .
additionally , vivace was excellent .
we had a wonderful meal and i was pleasantly surprised to have a bill of $ 220 for two adults and two children for such an upscale restaurant ( included bottle of wine , appetizers , main course and dessert .
