i was a participant at an international meta-coach certification training held at this hotel .
most of us was in a standard room , 2 per room and made it our home for the almost 2 weeks we were there .
the hotel is located on the tanjung benoa beach strip and boasted a 70 meter pool that was great for swimming laps in .
the beach was also a great place to see beautiful sunrises in the morning and we can walk along the beach for kilometers on end . . .
once we even walked all the way to the nusa dua area beach ( about a one hour walk along the beach ) .
breakfast was the same every day , but covered a large enough selection. .
fresh fruits , an egg station , breakfast meats , a few type of breads and toast , a few local hot dishes .
the lunch menu ( part of the meeting package ) and the tea breaks was changed everyday , just a few dishes to choose from but the taste was good .
our standard rooms were cleaned everyday , very minimalist , had complimentary coffee and tea making pot .
and once it took us 3 days and 5 attempts to get the housekeeping staff to finally give us coffee mugs to be used in our room .
( we had accidently left ours by the swimming pool one morning after taking the mugs down to sip coffee by the pool ) .
the bathroom had a shower area that joined the toilet and the sink , so it can get pretty wet even with the shower curtains drawn .
the beds was comfortable enough and made for a good night sleep after a long day of class .
every morning however , about 5 am the cleaning crew would start dragging out the equipments to clean the pool and beach area and can cause a lot of noise as they dragged their carts etc . . .
on the floors .
for us who needed to be up early , it was a good wake up call : - ) .
there is also a good mini mart and laundry place across the street which was much cheaper than the hotel laundry service .
the meeting room although had a great view to the beach from the 5th floor , had only 2 bathrooms and were always short on tissue and paper towels and when everyone rushed to use it during break , always seemed short on water .
servicing the 2 bathrooms properly seemed to be a challenged for this hotel for some reason . . . .
however the sky terrace that adjoined the meeting room , where they spread out our coffee/tea breaks , twice a day , gave us a great view , great cross wind and a great place to get together after class for late night discussions and doing team projects .
all in all , it was a good place for us to stay , had a great view , great beach to walk and run on , and very tropical feel to it .
the hotel is old , but pretty well maintained .
it made for a comfortable enough `` home '' for our stay .
