this hotel and restaurant is a lovely place to stay in muscat - with a really tranquil feel , gorgeous large pool and gardens .
some have complained about it being busy and no space around the pool but we found exactly the opposite .
also booked the tennis courts at short notice without a problem .
suspect it is the luck of the draw if a coach party does arrive .
but one thing to say about the hotel and restaurants is that all staff are warm and friendly yet very professional they can not do enough to help you .
breakfast are ample and stocked with the usual international options .
your room is stocked with a free mini bar ( non alcoholic ) and fruit each day in our room .
we tried two of the restaurants : the chinese restaurant ( a little disappointing ) and then the beach pavilion ( superb ) the staff in both restaurants were absolutely great . . .
no problems there at all .
chinese : sadly what we were expecting of the peking duck did not live up to those expectations and we did not enjoy it , this was followed by chill and black pepper squid which was fried but not that great .
i believe in being honest to the staff - especially if writing a review that will state we did n't like it .
so i did advise the staff that the menu should state this is not the shredded style peking duck that many in europe may be used to but a different style and it would help their customers chose more to their tastes - i certainly would n't have ordered it if it had been more adequately described on the menu .
it was a shame because when the dish was delivered the chef came and proudly carved the duck at the table - so i was sorry to tell the staff ( paul ) of our disappointment .
they took the criticism very well and were gracious and very understanding .
although we said it was not necessary they did not charge us for the duck .
we might have been unlucky in our choices .
the beach pavilion bar : staff superb again .
we decided to try the 8 course tasting menu - well wow ! !
what a treat and surprise .
if you like not huge portion and some tasty experiences this is well worth the money or 28 .
we had marinated tuna tartar ( fresh++ and delicate ) , salt and pepper squid ( delicious with delicately used flavours such as wasabi in a tiny bit of sauce ) , green pea and mint soup , korean braised beef rib ( succulent , well cooked and flavoursome ) , omani tuna fillet with small amount of advocate sauce - again so fresh and simple yet divine , jumbo prawn ( sweet , fresh and served with a tasty sauce , lamb in a herb crust with gorgeous rich and deep sauce , and finally a bedouin affogato ( very sweet and least liked by me but adored by my husband - he has a sweet tooth ) .
definitely go for this option if you want to taste a range of dishes .
top quality food that would compare with any high quality restaurant in the world !
