i stayed there for many nights , during my travel trough kenya .
i get the information to go their from a german book about kenya .
they wrote , that they are the oldest hostel in town with a lot of experience , not expensive as well , so i choose them .
the taxi driver from the airport try to convince me , not to go there , very dangerous place /river road/ , but this guys getting also their commission , if they bringing you to a nairobian hotel , where you will buy your safari later. .
the place is like in old times , middle in action , you will see a lots of locals running around the river road .
kenya lodge is looking a little bit like `` old style '' , but the only place in nairobi , where you have a central place to meet a lots of tourist , and africans as well .
its a great place to stay , and share your information with your new friends .
i also know now a lots of hostels in kenya , and i never experienced that welcoming and friendly atmosphere , than in kenya lodge in nairobi .
the stuff is really nice and more than helpful !
they also very experienced , witch is absolutely important , if you want to get the right information ! ! !
they help me to get bus ticket from nairobi to kisumu and mombasa , actually they came with me to show me the place and to buy the ticket . . .
they also give you tips , where to buy good and cheap souvenirs , where to eat good and cheap ( just like the locals ) , and the most important thing , you can buy there your safari as well !
there are 100 .
000 of safari-business mans on the way , to sell you their safaris , for really expensive prices . . .
this guys in the lodge , with moses as manager , who is working for several years in this business , they will tell you what to excpect in a safari .
and of course , they are staying behind their product , anything happening , they are their for you !
the owner told me , that in short time will change the beds , the are getting old , and he wants to make a big renovation in the house .
stay or not to stay ?
the thing is , maybe you get their , and you want have more comfort .
they also have a 2 hostel , nearby , maybe you go and see that place too .
or you go to see a more expensive hotel in town .
the only thing is : there are 100 of hostels around , and you will see , this is the only one in nairobi , where you have a living room , to stay and share your experience .
the other hostels give you a room only , they have definitely no lining room for their travelers .
so , anyway , you will be welcome their also , if you dont stay their during the nights , i have seen a lots of other tourist , they came during the day , to share , to ask , and to book the safaris , cause in nairobi , you will not find for that price , you will see !
