regarding most embassy suites set ups , you either like these places or you do n't .
i tend to be in the camp who does n't care for them all that much .
but the austin arboretum experience was just a bit better for me and i 'll tell you why later .
first of all , if you have n't been to an embassy suites , the set up is everything .
they are all suite rooms , some bigger and some smaller , but they each have a sitting area in the `` front '' of the room on the inside of the building and the bedroom in the back facing the outside of the building .
so , the entire construction is a multi-story set up with each suite 's front side open to the cavernous inside .
that inside to my taste is usually too noisy because all of the sound from the people below echoes up through the entire building .
if they are having breakfast , happy hour , whatever , you hear all of the talking , laughter , etc .
coming right into the front part of your room .
you have to escape to the bedroom part in the back to avoid that .
but , if the building is on a highway , then the highway noise is in that part of the room .
so , if you are sensitive to noise like me , you ca n't escape it with this design .
that 's why i do n't usually like these places .
well , this particular embassy suites was not near a highway as most of them are , so i could escape to my bedroom to eliminate the noise coming from the central part of the building during the noisy happy hour .
regarding that happy , hour , it sounded like great fun when i was in my room , but going down there to spy it out in person gave me some average hummus and popcorn , etc .
not horrible , but not great either .
what was a delight though , was that smack dab in the middle of it all , they had two live swans in a running pond there .
at first i told myself they must be fake plastic birds , but when i got closer they responded to me !
i was tickled pink that this place had live birds like that .
beautiful to look at , i just lingered near them for a while which gave me a bit of a time-out in my busy day .
the running water in the middle of the place with the swans made up for the fact that i do n't usually like embassy suites all that much .
add up the nice location off the highway and i give this a solid three and a half stars .
i ca n't give it four stars however because i just do n't care for these places .
your opinion may vary though , so if you like embassy suites , then this is one of the better ones .
