the desert springs villas ( marriott vacation club ) has always been a favorite destination for us and we have stayed there five times !
the area is gorgeous and the villas are quite nice .
however , during our last stay in october , 2010 , we suffered a “home invasion” type theft while we were present in the unit ! ! !
i am disabled so i asked for and was given a ground floor suite .
the 1 bedroom unit was right on the golf course , had large patio doors in both the bedroom and the main area , with screens that had locking mechanisms , or so we thought .
one evening around 7 pm , the weather was beautiful so we opened the glass patio doors , leaving the screen doors closed and presumed locked .
while eating at the dining table , person or persons unknown entered the suite thru the bedroom patio door stealing my jewelry and blackberry left in the room .
resort security knew that the screen doors , while they had locks on them , didn’t actually work as they didn’t engage the locking mechanism ( although it felt like it had to me .
) a deputy sheriff came who also noted that the screen doors had locks but either had damaged or missing parts preventing them from being secured .
they also noted no forcible entry , footprints in the mud outside the door and lifted a finger print , not ours , from the screen door handle .
surprisingly , marriott was not at all interested is providing me with any restitution for my loss , saying it wasn’t their fault this happened .
seems like it was to me in that they knowingly have defective doors that appear to lock but don’t .
a locking screen door can provide a deterrent especially if occupants are present in the room at the time .
so beware of all the obvious security at the place .
it isn’t safe even though it appears it should be .
don’t open your patio doors ( even if you are in the room !
) seems a shame doesn’t it when half the fun of a place like this is enjoying the air !
and if you are disabled , be careful !
if the thief had been seen and confronted , we might have lost a lot more than some jewelry .
i recommend you find another place to stay !
