before we get into how overwhelming the lake palace experience is - some general info to help people decide amongst their options in the city .
please do not look at the lake palace as an expensive hotel room night .
look at it as a seemless and well rounded 'experience ' which will stay with you for a very long time .
some people have mentioned atleast 1 nite at the property , would strongly recommend not to make that mistake .
a minimum of 2 nites is a must .
if on a budget , 2 nites in the off season .
once inside the marble laden place and the lake all around the summer wont affect you that much .
most reviews talk about the food and drinks being very expensive .
that is not the case as lesser restaurants around the lake pichola serve substandard food in very mediocre surroundings at 75 % of the price the taj offers .
taj generally gives you a 10-20 pc off fandb anyways .
if one is planning to do a discover udaipur holiday i would recommend a 3 nite vacation where one could stay at a regular hotel and spend the first day and first half of the second day taking in all the memorials etc and then check in in the taj and enjoy lovely walks within the city palace that too if one feels the need to step out at all .
( city palace is a 2 min complimentary boat road from the lake palace ) .
now for the specific taj points : - the check in facility at the jetty and the concierge desk bringing you up to speed of the entire facilities and layout in the first ten minutes of your arrival gave us a great sense of how we could best utilise our time there .
- the restaurant staff ( the chefs , managers as well as the serving staff ) being so well trained , courteous and accommodating puts us at a loss of words on how to thank them enough .
there were moments where we felt that we were having a meal at home and being pampered by members of our family .
the guys were so thoughtful to give us a very romantic sunset facing room in a private alcove where we could enjoy lovely unrestricted views of the lake and the hill ranges .
this is for the team on the whole - god only knows how the taj management finds such staff , trains them to this level , keeps them motivated and empowers them to cater to guest requirements then and there without having to take it through their seniors .
would personally like to thank neha and kv ( concierge desk ) , gaurav ( duty manager ) , gaurav ( at the airport ) , iqbal ( chauffer ) , bhatnagar ( chef at jharokha ) and the chef from neel kamal who prepared the meal for dinner on the 22nd ( which we had at the jharokha ) , manish and the entire team ( do n't remember all their names ) at jharokha .
apologies if we have missed out any names .
we were overwhelmed at every stage and point of our two day trip .
this one will stay a memory forever .
