the radisson `` castle '' in nashua is truly two hotels .
the first is almost disney-like in its ambition : a huge building done up as a castle , with suits of armor and medieval-looking decor all about .
the health club has an indoor pool , an outdoor pool , a hot tub , a sauna , a steam room . . .
wow , what a place , eh ?
comfortable rooms , effective a/c even in a july hot spell .
a pretty lobby .
the other version is a lot less appealing .
think of a budget inn with pretensions .
the radisson 's hallways are kept way too warm & stuffy in the summer , the castle atmosphere in the long basement walkway to the spa is ruined by a cheaper-than-laquinta acoustic-tile ceiling with bargain-basement lights , the outdoor pool 's tiling is cracked and collapsing in serveral spots , the pool area is subjected to the hotel 's blasting ( and hideously tinny ) radio masquerading as party music .
on a recent visit , the hard-working but overwhelmed restaurant staff seated parties in the hallway to have enough space at breakfast .
one of three elevators was out of service , the hallway carpets are in serious need of vacuuming ( and a shampoo would n't hurt ) .
the rooms are pleasantly furnished , but there were scratches and marks on our walls , a half-working lamp , cracks in the sink and a lot of holes in the walls where fixtures had been removed ( and the walls never properly plastered over ) .
the in-room drinking glasses are plastic ( c'mon , that 's cheap motel style ) .
the feeling is that this property specializes in weddings , with rooms ( and overnight guests ) a distant second consideration .
the staff is good , but the property appears to big for maintenance to keep up with .
the deal here is that the radisson does n't need a $ 10 million overhaul or even a $ 2 million renovation .
it 's more like a $ 300,000 touch-up ; fix what 's broken or breaking , patch up the holes , get after the carpeting , replace the basement corridor ceiling , etc .
they cant ' do much about the motel-style bathroom ( with the main sink outside near the living area ) , but glasses made of glass , coffee mugs instead of to-go cups , etc .
this has the makings of a really nice hotel , and it does n't require a fortune to get it there .
but the owners are going to have to invest a bit more than they 're spending now .
