my girlfriend visited dartmoor many times as a child and had a long standing childhood memory that one day she would like to stay in this hotel - sadly our experience was very dissapointing .
like others that have stayed before , the outside of the hotel is very impressive with attractive gardens which must be wonderful in the summer months .
we paid £110 per night b & b and our room was comfortable although located at the back of the hotel with no view .
i booked the room by telephone .
on arrival the staff that served us were a bit surly .
i had originally booked for one night but in the car on the way down we decided that we should stay for 2 , i asked if we could add another night and was told in no uncertain terms that they only had singles available !
we decided to eat in the hotel which offers a 4 course dinner for £35 per person .
initially we had a drink in the lounge whilst looking at the menu .
the dinning experience reminded me of 'ramseys kitchen nightmares ' !
- the longe area was very old fashioned and we were served canapes with our drinks which comprised of toasted cheese triangles and a cold something or the other .
i am not the moaning type but i do like good service and food .
if something is not to my liking i normally complain - being served cold food is not acceptable anywhere .
the hotel prides itself on its 200 item strong wine list .
we ordered a bottle of white wine which when served was warm !
rather than offering something else the waiter told me that it had come from the chiller cabinet and they said that they would put it in some chilled water .
after about 15 minutes it came back slightly colder and we decided to drink it rather than to complain further .
both our meals were very average with our main course being warm but not hot .
breakfast the following day was no better .
the total bill for the stay was over £230 and i have have to say that i do feel a bit cheated .
i always look at tripadvisor before booking a hotel abroad .
i will now make sure that i do the same for the uk .
for our second night we found a wonderful b & b and had a great meal in a local pub - the total cost being £102 .
the childhood dream sadly became a bit of a nighmare !
