reserve the `` privilege '' room 610 if you have a little money for a splurge in a mid-range hotel or if you usually stay in 5-star hotels and want to save a little but still be comfortable .
room 610 is a `` penthouse '' large room with sitting area and with a terrace that maybe you are n't supposed to be on ( because it is really the hotel roof and we could n't tell ) , but the sliding doors in the room open onto it and you can almost touch the palais des papes which is feet away .
room is large with nice amenities like free beverages in the fridge , a nespresso machine and capsules , separate wc from the shower/ sink , both of which are off a little foyer where you enter ( we are so sick of hotels . . .
mostly the `` fancy ones '' . . .
with glass bathroom doors or walls affording too little privacy ) .
robes and slippers are provided as well .
if money is no object , the mirande or hotel d'europe are top drawer , but they 'll run €400 and much further up .
if you are looking for 4 instead of 5 star hotels , then mercure may be right for you .
here , with the privilege room 610 , you get the best room in this hotel for €145-18o -- at least in shoulder season of may .
i think it is about €200 in high season .
the staff is exceedingly helpful and 3 out of 4 we met spoke perfect english .
all were patient with my abhorrent attempts at french .
they made restaurant reservations for us with alacrity .
parking is a bit confusing at first , but not difficult once it is explained .
figure out how to drive to the front of the hotel at the foot of the plaza of the palais des popes .
check in , and the staff will draw a route on a map directing you to a public lot beneath the plaza .
once you park , you exit the garage about 20 meters from the hotel entrance .
the hotel validates your ticket and you get a discount at the garage when you retrieve your car .
however , getting back to the hotel with the car to pack up your bags is n't convenient and is a sort of round about pain to drive .
best you just drag your luggage to 20 meters to the garage foot traffic entrance and just load up in the garage itself .
