we stayed at riad dar more in marrakech for just one night in march 2011 .
this is an elegant , modern riad built in typical moroccan style .
dominique , the very elegant french owner has definitely given this riad her feminine touch .
it is very stylish and tastefully furnished and has an air of calm in the middle of the hustle and bustle of the medina .
it is located very close to the main sights in the city , which are all very walkable .
the riad is at the end of a maze of alleyways , as are a lot of the riads but , with instructions from the owner , you soon learn to find your way back .
our room was on the ground floor and was very roomy and comfortable however , not much room for hanging your clothes .
it was fine for us as we were there for only one night .
if you were staying for a week , you would probably be better with one of the other rooms .
the room was air-conditioned and had tea/coffee making facilities .
the bathroom was clean and modern with a large , walk-in shower , however , no shower door , so be careful not to flood the bathroom .
bathrobes are provided .
there was a delightful roof terrace with table , chairs and loungers and views over the rooftops of surrounding area .
the only negative point here is that although the riad has a beautiful calm atmosphere , this is somewhat disturbed momentarily at around 6am in the morning when the nearby mosque blasts out it’s call to prayer .
it doesn’t last long but it does wake you up .
however , with a bit of luck you will fall back asleep again once they have stopped their chanting .
we had breakfast in the courtyard , which has a lovely cascading water feature .
breakfast comprised of freshly baked bread and pastries with fresh orange juice and freshly brewed coffee .
dominique arranged for a man with a cart to collect our luggage in the morning who took the cases to a waiting taxi at the end of the alley , which took us to the airport .
we only stayed here for one night but would certainly recommend using this riad for a longer stay .
you will be made very welcome .
this is a very elegant riad and the service is great .
