this is a difficult hotel to review , as it has numerous shortcomings , but a great staff made up for some of them .
first the good : my room on the top floor was a large suite , with a kitchen , living room area with love seat sofa bed couch and a nice sized work desk , an average size , but very dated and worn bathroom , with a shower but no bathtub , and a big vanity but a small wash basin .
the shower had hot water with good pressure , but lacked modern fixtures such as an adjustable showerhead .
the separate bedroom was somewhat small with a double bed , although it did have a decent size closet .
the room had 2 huge patios/balconies with partial ocean views .
the free wi-fi was quite fast and worked well throughout the hotel .
the hotel is in a very good location at the end of copacabana about a block from the beach .
there is plenty of eating and shopping in the area .
next the great : the staff is exceptional , as viktor and adriana deserve special recognition .
whether it was dinner , the gym , sightseeing or shopping , both viktor and adriana were incredibly helpful and efficient .
except for one day , my room was cleaned promptly each morning .
unfortunately , now the bad : the room was worn and dated and in need of renovation .
the curtains and furniture was badly worn , and neither the couch nor the work desk chair , was very comfortable .
the bedroom curtains did not keep the room dark .
the bathroom was not very clean , and in need of a deep cleaning , if not complete replacement .
the gym was closed for renovation during my visit , although the fine staff did arrange for me to work out at a sister hotel about 3-4 blocks away .
the 2 small televisions worked well enough with lots of channels , but need to be replaced with larger models .
other than the small couch and the work desk chair , there is no other seating anywhere in this large room .
the bottom line : at under us $ 100/night , my large room was certainly a bargain , but my overall 3 out of 5 rating reflects the fact both my room and the hotel in general are badly in need of renovation .
as renovations are apparently on-going throughout the hotel in preparation for the olympics , this hotel does have good potential , and the exceptional staff does make up for some of these shortcomings .
