i can not remember ever writing a review while actually staying at a hotel , and being kept awake by throbbing drums that seemingly shake the building , but this deserves it .
it is a friday night in early march , and my two companions and i have been staying in ponce for the last two nights , after three nights in san juan .
upon our arrival two days ago , and being placed in two of the luxury rooms with balconies , it soon became apparent that the wooden doors and shutters on the balcony , although very charming , would keep out little of the noise from the street .
there is a dance club of some kind directly across the street , and the music and noise started before 9 pm .
i went to the front desk and requested a smaller room towards the back of the hotel .
this seemed to solve the problem for me , but my two friends spent an almost sleepless night because they remained in their `` luxury room .
'' i then had two excellent nights of sleep on wednesday and thursday , and probably would given a rating of `` three '' after those two nights .
reasons for this average rating ?
no elevator , so bags must be carried up one flight of steps .
parking - on the street , if you can get it ; otherwise a free garage three blocks away .
breakfast - really poor ; consisted of toast , peanut butter , mini-chocolate chip muffins , juice from a carton , plastic-wrapped slices of american cheese , some dubious sliced ham , and quite good coffee .
staff members are friendly , and sympathized about the noise , but they could not do anything about it .
but then came friday night .
there are apparently three or four clubs in the surrounding area , and each contributed their share of noise , often competing with each other 's rhythms .
but the real champion was the club across the street .
unceasing noise from 8:30 on , to my great horror .
now , i realize that is probably unfair to rate the hotel so low when the noise is not caused by them .
however , i try to write my ratings to reflect my total experience with a property or restaurant , and that is what i am doing .
there are some nice old features in this hotel , which is located in a lovely city which is relatively free of tourists .
i would possibly stay here agains , but not on a friday or saturday night - that is for sure .
