this was my third stay at this property in two years .
service levels have dropped which is a great pity as the property is in good shape but the service is poor .
my recent experience was unsatisfactory , best described as well meaning efforts by the staff but with poor execution .
i had booked an airport pick up through the hotels automated concierge .
on arrival at delhi 's airport , no one there to meet me .
i called the hotel and they were very apologetic ( this was to become the theme of my stay ) .
i 'm sure that many of you reading this will think this is not such a big deal , just hop into a taxi and go .
this is not necessarily the case in delhi as the airport is large , often very crowded and many of the taxis are so small that they can not accommodate 2 people and 2 suitcases .
this was the case for us , plus the driver knew the general area of the hotel , but had a difficult time locating it due to construction in the area .
when we finally arrived , there was a welcoming committee to meet us and apologize for their error .
unfortunately for the rest of our stay we had lots of small irritating problems and the staff were extremely good at apologizing , but not empowered to actually prevent or solve the problems .
when we finally came to check out at 1 .
30am , there were some discrepancies on the bill which would normally have been cleared up very quickly , but no one could make a decision , the f & b manager was summoned , much apologizing and eventually the problem was cleared up .
then there was no record of the airport transfer that i had booked the previous day , more bowing and scraping .
as we walked out to the car , we were escorted by a group of staff members all frantically apologizing , it was embarrassing .
the final annoyance was that of all the hotels we stayed at on that trip , only one had failed to post the stay and we are still having to chase it , yes , you guessed it , m the courtyard at gurgaon .
the staff here are good and well meaning people , but since the last manager who was excellent , was promoted to another property , the staff are clearly not empowered and the result is a disappointing experience for the guest .
the problem here is with the management , nothing wrong with the physical property , or the willingness of the staff .
unfortunately the only thing they are getting very good at is apologizing , as they are getting lots of practice .
there are many other hotel options locally and if you are in the marriott program , as i am , there is a new j.w .
marriott at the airport .
i wo n't be staying at the gurgaon courtyard again .
