i 've stayed in this hyatt property for 6 nights in mid july .
[ 1 ] roomi 've booked a king bed room , rather than a one-bedroom suites , and i still feel it is sufficient for me especially i do not stay in my room the whole day .
glad that the hotel honors my diamond membership 's preference in assigning a room that meet my preference .
my room 381 is facing a main road but i do not hear any noise from traffic , but in some occasion , i do hear guests walking outside clearly .
the king bed is comfortable , but the wi-fi connection is not stable - i am dropped off quite a few times per day !
[ 2 ] complimentary breakfastthere is a complimentary breakfast daily - starting from 6:30am in weekday and starting from 7:00am in weekend .
it 's good - about 4 hot dishes per day and you can also order cook-to-order omelette .
there are also fruits , yogurt , bread available .
the seating is also good especially you can choose to have your breakfast in a patio next to the hotel 's swimming pool .
[ 3 ] facilitiesthere is a 24/7 exercise room that i feel quite big and sufficient in terms of my experience in visiting a few hyatt house/hyatt place .
the only negative point is that the towels are always running out very fast !
there is also an outdoor swimming pool in the mid of the hotel ( surrounded by hotel rooms ) .
there is a business corner with 2 computers and a printer , and a lovely lobby with tv available .
[ 4 ] complimentary shuttleyou can request a complimentary shuttle to and from the hotel to your destination provided that it is within 5 miles .
it is a nice touch though one can walk to qualcomm buildings easily in good weather .
[ 5 ] locationclose to qualcomm san diego hqs and a few other corporate companies ' offices .
there is also a small mall within 5 minutes walking distance that there are chinese , japanese , india , iranian , mexico restaurants , a convenience store that also sells sandwich and hot food , a chinese medical clinic , etc .
[ 6 ] staffstaff is very friendly and cheerful .
[ 7 ] miscellaneousin addition to the wi-fi connectivity and towel that i mention above , it would be a nice touch if the hotel would provide not only water but also coffee throughout the day .
i see from the country inn hotel next to hyatt house that they do provide coffee throughout the day , which will be very good as there is no coffee shop nearby .
