i stayed here overnight recently on a thursday evening , and i was pleased with my choice of this hotel .
the whole booking process is made easy with premier inn , and all the usual confirmation e-mails , texts were duly received .
i arrived about 8 pm .
the car park is a reasonable size , with plenty of spaces to choose from .
i parked up and headed inside passed the pub that shares the location .
the lady on reception was friendly and quickly sorted out a booking issue that i did n't even know existed , and she recommended the honey bee to eat , a local pub down the road where the food is all home made .
the hotel has free wifi throughout and as a returning guest to a p/i hotel , it picked me up immediately .
the signal strength was good with no drop off .
i checked into my room and what a very pleasant surprise .
the rooms and hotel has recently undergone a total refurbishment and my room was excellent .
a large amount of space to put down your luggage , a very modern open sided wardrobe ( i liked that ) , a sofa that also doubled up as an additional single bed , and of course the double bed itself , which looked brand new .
oh , there was also another single bed under the double so a real family room if you need it .
the bathroom was great and had the benefit of someone actually realising that a walk in shower benefits everyone so in fact if you make all your rooms accessible then it is better for all ages .
the shower was good and the water nicely warm .
the room had tea and coffee facilities , but the hotel itself does not serve any food , and does not serve breakfast .
for my evening meal i took up the recommendation and headed off to the honey bee .
as for breakfast , i had planned ahead and brought some pain au chocolate and enjoyed them with a cuppa .
this hotel was great for me as it was where i needed to be .
it is also not far from manchester international airport , so if you need to stay over before an early flight then this is an excellent choice .
my room was £80 as i booked it the week i used it so perhaps on that point a tad expensive given that this did not include any breakfast , but all in all it served my purpose .
