i share the opinion of most reviewers here who gave this place a good or excellent review .
it is a really lovely little resort , right on the beach , with comfortable rooms and a nice pool .
many reviewers refer to a view of the `` wide open sea , '' which i do not get because the view actually is of the bay and the much busier patong side of the island .
but that 's a small matter .
be sure to bring water shoes because the beach is covered with coral and rocks that can be difficult to navigate at low tide and impossible to see at high tide .
breakfast was adequate on the nice deck overlooking the bay .
we never ate dinner in the hotel restaurant because we discovered another place , with dining at tables right in the sand and a much bigger menu selection , just a hundred yards down the beach .
it is not easy to get here and once you are here , well , you are here .
it is very remote , and i think that when all is said and done , it probably is just a bit too remote for us .
but certainly we would not have preferred to be over in patong , which is the opposite extreme , i guess .
we happened to rent a car and are glad we did , but the road signs are not helpful and we got lost alot .
part of the adventure .
one thing i could not quite reconcile was the presence of families with small children .
kids are fun but they are noisy ; my point is that one would be forgiven for thinking that because this place is small and remote , it would be quiet and romantic .
likewise i 'm not sure i know why parents would bring small ones to this particular location .
in any event , you will find lovely surroundings and view , but no solitude or quiet here .
that is not a complaint , just an observation .
on our day of departure , my wife discovered she somehow had lost her passport ( fortunately we found it much later in the day ) .
we panicked , of course , and the hotel staff helped us with the telephone so we could make the requisite phone calls , and even dispatched a driver to guide us to the local police station .
the housekeeping department sent a person to help us go through our items one more time .
these services greatly eased our worry and heartache .
