we have stayed in small hotels like this before , full of character and yes , perhaps a few quirks , but all being said we felt safe , comfortable and thankful we had such lovely ladies , especially roxanne , looking after us .
we had no problem finding the place and i liked that the front entry was locked so you had to announce that you were there .
they have their own button on the wall .
once inside it is up a few steps to reach the elevator and yes it is an old elevator but it works - as long as people close the two doors - if people just leave them open then this old girl will not run .
there were three couples in all in rooms 5 , 8 and 13 as we were there for three nights before flying to mendoza and the uco valley .
5 and 8 had a/c challenges , not as cool as we would like while our friends in 13 basked in cooling glory .
they did offer to move us to other rooms but we declined so in part it is our fault .
being so very hot in ba once we did get back to our room it seemed perfectly fine even if not working at full capacity .
i do think that a combination of ceiling fan - especially since the ceilings are so high - and the a/c working would have been perfect .
on the front of the building where 5 and 8 are , it can get noisy at night so you can not open your windows .
( note to everyone who travels - always bring earplugs- they really do help ) for breakfast it was continental , nothing hot , but it hit the spot and the coffee was very good .
it was a good place to sit and chat with the other guests as well .
it may not look that safe an area but we did a lot of walking down those streets and felt quite safe plus there are some wonderful cafes , bars and restaurants to eat at and really beautiful architecture from days gone by .
at night we did n't do too much walking as we were all bagged from our daily walking tours .
once you get your bearings you really are in a good spot for walking to other areas .
roxanne was a joy to work with and so happy i met her . . .
she is from south africa and has a real joy and passion for helping people .
she was there to arrange cars for us and a package i had to send off after we left . . . .
they was another young lady who was also very helpful and in the evenings a fellow who was the same .
they have good staff here .
yes a bit quirky but i have stayed in hundreds of hotels over the years and each one makes up our travel memories , for better or for worse .
this one would rate 'for better ' .
