we were looking for a base for a couple of day’s leisure visiting in the cheltenham area : i had stayed at the cheltenham central premier inn on business trips a number of times anddecided to go for somewhere i knew .
the room was much as expected at a pi - spacious , well equipped ( although no phone ) and clean .
large , very comfortable bed .
large screen tv and reasonably well lit .
the bathroom hadthe usual quirks - it took time to work out the best setting for the shower and the press button loo flush was something that was n't easy to master .
the pi web site warns of noise from the adjacent railway - we were not at all disturbed by it .
reception staff did n't quite seem to reach the usual pi standard : on arrival we weren’t told of the goodnight guarantee - possibly they knew i had been a regular visitor in thepast so thought they did n't need to mention it .
we were also not advised at time of arrivalto book a table at the adjacent tgi - later when we wanted to eat we were told there was a half hour wait .
also they did n't check back with us later that we had no problems with the room - possibly the lack of phones in rooms at this pi make that more difficult than elsewhere .
the noise at the tgi was off putting too .
i knew there was a chip shop near the station ( where there is also a chinese takeaway , and co-op and tesco mini supermarkets ) so on our first night we opted for fish and chips .
the second night we wandered into montpelier ( 20 minute or so walk ) where we found a strada and had an excellent pizza : returning to the hotel we saw , through the window of tgi 's , a couple , possibly in their 70 , sat in the noise , clearly hating it .
they may well have been pi guests and felt they had no choice other to eat there .
as well as the shops by the station there is a shell petrol station next door that does good sandwiches , and drinks cheaper there than in the machine in the hotel reception .
breakfast on our first morning was chaotic - a large party went in at the very start , by the time we got there at 8 .
15 the staff were rushed off their feet and many of the food options were running low - coffee , in particular , ran out very quickly .
the staff did n't seem to be organised to cope with it .
we had n't wanted a cooked option so made do with what was available and then headed off for the day .
all in all , two nights b & b for two for under £150 was reasonable value , and the issues with the meals have to be considered as not surprising for the price .
if you can cope with the slightly chaotic breakfast and the noise in tgi 's for an evening meal ( or are happy to eat elsewhere ) it 's an ok place to stay .
