modern tall building of 38 floors .
awkward location built behind and surrounded by the convention centre .
a pavement walk to klcc , one side of the hotel faces the park , so 3/4 of the rooms face the city or over the convention centre .
i booked a `` club room '' , but no regard was given to the 4 nights extra charges for that , originally allocated a room 6 floors down from `` the club '' .
club rooms should be on a club floor , or one below , but they use a normal room , call it `` club '' if you have access to it .
i went once : poor choice at breakfast , food sitting there , cool not even warm or hot , would not meet regulation minimum temperatures .
i did not bother again .
room service first night , been rendang a typical dish , was 5 pieces of beef with 3 layers of disgusting fat , and grizzle .
i called to have it replaced and she said a manager would come back .
no one bothered !
again , basic quality , supervision , missed , these basics are not attended to here .
this sums up the hotel , all image , no substance , hotels next door and nearby far better attitudes , superb food the best ingredients , proper club rooms on a club floor , with welcoming lounge access and good freshly prepared hot food ( the pullman , shangri la , impiana , mandarin oriental . . .
) and for less .
do not book a club room , as you will get any floor , no special privileges as others provide , no different amenities , just called a `` club '' room because you can use a lounge that is not worth the time .
wi fi is incredibly slow , taking 10-20 seconds top find a page !
you also need to take two lifts to the 38th floor express lift , then down to your floor , ( and this lift only goes down to floor 2 ? ! !
) for the views of the tops of buildings , or apartments facing you with little privacy .
it does not reflect other hyatts or kl hotels at all in value or quality .
i would avoid , and i will not stay here again .
many hotels cost less with excellent facilities surround this , go for those .
they have substance and do what they say .
