a few paces from tokyo station , the location of this hotel is as close to perfect as it 's possible to be .
finding the entrance is a minor challenge , and a friend visiting me said that finding the parking lot was a more epic challenge .
check in and check out were silky-smooth .
the staff seem to work out who you are without any prior information ( can they all be former cia ?
) .
the room was a good size , with a nice bathroom ( separate shower and toilet cubicles , and a good deep long bath ) .
the decor is standard understated modern chic ( a contrast with the chintzy faux-european style of the four seasons chinzan-so on the other side of town ) .
the room had all you 'd expect ( kettle etc , ipod and cd player , lan and wireless connections . . .
) .
all i could be pissy about was the lack of bath salts for soaking in the big bath !
the bed was supremely comfortable .
i ate out in the evening , but ordered a simple a la carte breakfast , which was delivered uncannily as i liked it , but was charged less than the menu might have allowed .
i entertained some business associates on a sunday afternoon , and tea for three was an eye-popping us $ 50-ish , but i guess that should compare with the cost of a quiet meeting room rather than a tea bag or two .
a fedex snafu also meant a last minute flurry of colour printing which the concierge handled with no stress - and no extra charge on my bill !
the only lapse was when i wanted to send a bag ahead , by express courier ( takkyubin ) to the airport , and the collected staff wisdom could n't work out how far in advance they should send it .
but the ( junior ) staff member , took very un-asian responsibility for either making it happen or contacting me to work out options .
i was impressed more than i was inconvenienced .
the rooms here are expensive , but you really get the most extraordinarily personal service , in an uber-central location , from where you can watch shinkansen from your bed ( i 've developed a new brand of eroticism - engineering porn - those bullet trains are just soooooo slinky ) .
by the way , all the staff speak impressive english .
i did n't need my stumbling japanese once .
it 's probably one of the 2-3 most expensive hotels in tokyo , but if your budget allows , you wo n't be disappointed .
