two john mccain thumbs up to this new hotel which is part of a planned community mixing business and residential .
it 's the best place to stay for easy access ( and lower prices ) to lower manhattan .
location : views of the hudson river and manhattan , easy walking distance ( all within less than 5mins ) to shopping and restaurants , ferry docks , path ( 10 min train to manhattan ) nj hblr ( hoboken bergin light rail ) and easy driving to holland tunnel entrance ( 2min ) and a direct route to newark ( 15min ) .
parking garage next door .
valet available for and extra $ 6 .
courtyard and doubletree within view of this hotelstaff : i stay at hotels over 100 nights a year and this group gets my vote for friendliest hotel staff .
a tour group was checking in and the line was long .
the valet attendant went inside and found a way for me to check-in without waiting in the long line .
my key didn’t work ( which happens ) so they rekeyed and then escorted me ( which never happens ) up to my room to make sure the key worked properly .
every staff person i encountered was very hospitable- it was disneyesque .
facilities : new hotel equals great property conditions all away around .
room had large windows overlooking the hudson .
elevators ( 4 ) were fast for the 20+ story building .
fitness center was in excellent condition .
has a pool but did not use .
the only design flaw i noticed- the lobby area acoustically was very noisy .
amenities : heavenly bed , bathroom- large area with long two sink countertop , a separate shower & tub , flat panel tv , starbuck’s coffee service , internet ( for a fee of $ 14 i think ?
) .
security : the several block area is well lit and felt safe to me .
i found many people still walking about at 9:30pm on a thursday evening , either arriving from the path station , leaving a restaurant , or waiting in line to grab a bite to eat from a street vendor ( falafel or mister softy ) .
there is a duane reade pharmacy drug store close to the hotel that is open until midnight ( pharmacy closes at 9pm ?
