so i suppose it 's my fault for not taking into consideration the negative reviews because they were accurate .
while some of the front desk staff were professional , several were not .
attention to detail and follow up were the significant issues .
there were a few issues i encountered when i arrived including a very old wavy , soft , uncomfortable mattress and a phone that did n't work .
one front desk manager indicated that there were newer , firmer beds available and would look into moving me to a different room .
he also promised to have the phone fixed .
turns out that three of the front desk managers had absolutely no clue if there were newer mattresses .
the phone was never fixed ( a two hour ordeal waiting on the engineer who was clueless ) .
because cell service and wireless is an issue ( as confirmed in previous reviews ) , having no phone or internet service in the rooms and inside the hotel was a problem .
on night two i had a do not disturb sign on my door yet a maintenance person knocked on my door after i had gone to sleep .
when i opened the door he indicated that he had the wrong room .
there were a few other similar experiences i encountered during my stay so i decided to check out a day early , it just was not worth the aggravation !
the rooms themselves are clean but need updating , particularly the carpets .
the hallways are dark with low ceilings .
if you do stay in an ocean front room to the far right or far left you will not have privacy as the balcony next to you extends out allowing your neighbors to see right into your room the entire hotel is old and stuffy .
the pool area is nice if you do n't mind construction noise .
on the day i arrived they only had one bartender that was responsible for taking orders and managing the pool area .
it was a disaster .
i do have to say that the concierge team was very friendly and helpful .
the restaurant ( independent of the hotel i believe ) is fabulous , excellent food .
if one of the hotel owners reads this review my top three suggestions would be ( 1 ) fix the customer service issues , ( 2 ) update the hotel immediately to include good quality beds , new carpet and internet service ( 3 ) lower your prices until you have completed # 1 and # 2 !
