sometimes being a marriott rewards member really pays off , and on this trip to the marriott grand hotel flora on via veneto it really did .
i had requested three junior suites since i was traveling with two families who each had two small children , and finding a room for four people in rome was almost impossible .
we did not want to put the small children in rooms by themselves .
the two room junior suite at the marriott was the perfect answer , but the wonderful surprise was that they upgraded ( it is part of their program when available ) one of the suites ( for the grandparents ) to the presidential suite .
it could not have been better !
the oval living room of the presidential suite made a wonderful meeting place for the entire family for 10 days .
there was a game table for the children , a wonderful desk for the computers , and assorted antique furniture which created a gracious ambiance .
the view was also wonderful , the ancient walls of the city and the borghese gardens iin addition to the via veneto. .
the staff could not have been warmer or friendlier .
yolanda , the front office manager , who seemed to be helpful to everyone and visible to all guests arranged for coloring books for the children , extra bottled water ( which is not included as standard at this marriott ) , and generally made the stay a pleasure .
actually her style was unique in that she makes everyone feel as if they are her personal guests .
bernardo , the concierge , was friendly and helpful and if you ask him , he will tell you how to see the entire old city for 1 euro on a bus that will bring you back to the front of the hotel ( # 116 ) .
internet is free for some marriott reward levels , but only 9 euros for a week if you are not eligible for free service .
there is a carrefour supermarket across the street underground which is helpful for those odd sundries and snacks one sometimes needs .
be sure to include breakfast in your rate , otherwise it is 30 euro , or $ 40 per person .
it is served in a splendid roof terrace setting overlooking the city including the borghese gardens and the via veneto ( the most elegant street in rome ) .
the buffet was plentiful but i missed some of the more expected italian items , such as parmigiano cheese and prosciutto ham .
but they did have real maple syrup for the pancakes and waffles .
the service was excellent and sandro and donatello did a superb job in meeting individual needs .
the setting would be perfect for special occasions and events in the evenings or lunch .
all in all , i think it you can not do better in rome .
