we chose this hotel due to:1 .
its location ( right on the water overlooking the whitsunday islands ) 2 .
its luxury spa suites ( according to the website ) 3 .
its fine dining restaurant with good reviews on trip advisorwe would n't normally spend this much money on an airlie beach hotel but were travelling with european friends and we wanted them to have the best room and dining combination available in airlie .
on check-in we discovered that there was a wedding in progress that evening ( no problem as it 's good to see others having fun and we do n't begrudge their happiness ) but that the restaurant would be closed due to the wedding ( more of a problem as we had expected to enjoy the restaurant with our friends ) .
when i booked by phone two weeks prior , no mention was made of the wedding or the restaurant being closed .
our room was in a good location for viewing the islands however it was almost on top of the restaurant where the wedding was being held and was very noisy due to the wedding celebrations .
we did ask to move rooms but the hotel was full so it was not possible .
we ordered room service which was very good quality and enjoyed it on the deck to the sound of the wedding speeches and music .
the music died down around 10:30 that night but it was n't the kind of relaxing evening in the whitsundays we had envisaged .
for us , the standard of the spa suite room does not justify the price - the spa is quite small , the fit-out is nice but nothing special and the apartment ceiling was a bit mouldy .
at this price it should be perfect .
the beds are super soft so if you need a firm bed , i recommend somewhere else .
overall , our experience was disappointing as the rooms were not quite as good as we expected , the fine dining restaurant was reduced to room service and the overall noise of the wedding made relaxing difficult .
the tropical breakfast was served in the restaurant and was excellent for a buffet breakfast .
we contacted the manager to voice our concerns and request a rebate however he was completely dismissive of our opinions and said he felt the hotel was good value .
we disagree .
if you stay here , make sure you find out if the restaurant will be open , if there is a function or wedding on and if so , request a room away from the noise .
it would be good if the hotel booked all the wedding guests into the rooms next to the wedding as they wo n't care about the noise .
that would be a win-win situation for everyone .
