the westin astir palace is in a fabulous location on a peninsula just outside athens .
right next to it is the arion resort , also operated by starwood under the luxury collection brand ; both hotels are within a private compound and entered through a gate with a guard .
the hotels sit in beautiful grounds overlooking the sea .
the vouliagmeni area is an upmarket suburb of athens and there are several expensive restaurants just outside the hotel complex .
there is a small supermarket about 5 minutes drive from the hotel at the junction with the main road to athens and in vouliagmeni centre there are several slightly cheaper restaurants .
you will need a car if you are staying for longer than a day or two to be able to access restaurants and shops outside the hotel .
parking at the hotel is free .
the westin hotel itself is large and sprawling with a nice and attractive lobby on the 6th floor ( top floor ) and rooms on floors 0 to 4 , all below the lobby level .
make sure you are on a high floor to appreciate the view of the pool and the bay .
rooms have been recently renovated in the style westin have adopted globally with pale colours and bathrooms with glass walls .
all rooms have balconies .
breakfast is served in the restaurant at pool level ( zero ) and was well run with plenty of choice .
the outdoor swimming pool is large with plenty of sun-loungers ( i counted 175 ) .
unfortunately when we stayed at the weekend , the pool got horrendously busy to such an extent that we could not find a single free sun-lounger and were unable to use the pool .
the hotel was full to capacity with two large conferences , but we later found out that the hotel also sell day-passes to non residents to come and use the pool facilities .
i think this is an appalling practice for a resort hotel to allow non-residents to use the pool so that residents who pay eur 300 a night for a resort hotel with an outdoor swimming pool can not use it because wealthy locals who have purchased day tickets are occupying the sun-loungers .
i can not comment on the quality of the restaurants because they were all shut .
whilst the westin website states that two of the restaurants are seasonal and operates only from may to september , i was surprised to be told that on a thursday night that not a single restaurant would be open at the westin and only one would be open at the nearby arion resort .
fortunately we had a car so we could eat at restaurants outside the resort .
overall , the hotel is very nice with amazing views and a good pool , but the experience was marred by the fact that we could not use the pool on a sunday because it was full of non-residents and the ( complete ) lack of open restaurants in may even though the hotel was full to capacity .
