with a mere twelve rooms , this beautiful villa in the heart of rome is a unique property .
although a few items in the guest room didn’t seem quite in keeping , the rooms are pleasant and the hotel’s public areas are beautiful and evoke a bygone era .
unfortunately the service let it down – staff were illusive , and turndown service was forgotten on both evenings .
given the hotel’s size , room rate – and compared with other leading european boutique hotels – i expected a far greater level of service .
some more detail should you wish . . .
arrival & guest room* from the moment of the door being opened , staff were friendly and welcoming .
an orientation was provided , before being shown to the guest room .
* the guest room was decorated with old world charm , including original art works .
a complementary mini-bar was replenished daily .
the bathroom was of a high standard , with extra large towels , luxurious bathrobes and ren toiletries .
a lack of attention-to-detail let the overall ( otherwise old world ) room appearance down – most notably a modern cupboard and wardrobe , large wall-mounted television , a transparent plastic side table , and numerous notices covering the bureau ( see photos ) .
* the turndown service was forgotten on both evenings .
on notifying front desk on both occasions ( upon return , post 10pm ) no apology was forthcoming .
when provided , turndown was very average for a premium hotel .
* a few notable omissions from the guest rooms were : - tea/coffee making facilities – noting room service incurs a 15 euro surcharge to any order .
- rug fasteners – the rugs slide on the wooden floors ( not great if you aren’t so quick on your feet ) .
public areasthese are definitely the primary selling point – a garden with outdoor seating area , and two beautiful lounges and a reading room charmingly decorated with ( i assumed ) family photographs .
a complementary self-service bar offers a selection of spirits , soft drinks and a sparkling wine .
staff are rarely seen but can be called via a bell .
breakfastincluded in the room rate , it was largely a self-service affair – staff did not appear unless you rang the bell for service .
there is a continental breakfast buffet including self-service tea & coffee .
eggs are made to order upon request .
in all – more of a b & b breakfast than what you would expect of a luxurious boutique hotel .
to summarise , a pleasant stay in a unique property ; unfortunately a lack of premium service would make a return visit unlikely .
