to be frank , the location is the main attraction , which is a shame as this was once the hotel !
and yet despite all of its numerous deficiencies ( which i will list below ) muchaxo retains its charm and a sense of history .
however it is suffering from being designed and built in an era that predates mass tourism and the ubiquitous motor vehicle which is now allowed free run of the property to the detriment of the hotel guests .
the cons : we were in room # 37 which was listed as having a sea view .
more accurately it should have been styled sea ( and car park ) view .
all sea view rooms overlook the very busy car park and then the magnificent beach .
but having opened our window to sleep to the sound of the waves , we were awoken at 3 .
19am and 4 .
30am by cars ( surfers ) coming and going from the surf schools situated directly under our room .
with the window ( and curtains ) closed all was peace and tranquility but then we could have been anywhere !
décor is in the bedroom is tired and seemingly unaltered since opening : grouting on tiles in bathroom is old and we had a first : a tilting toilet , which meant a balancing act was need when squatting .
i can only assume that’s occurred over time , as there is an overhanging glass shelf , which you hit if you get up quickly .
combination of marble floors and rustic ceiling may have been in vogue in the 60’s but not today .
soap dish in the bathroom was cracked , headboard over the bed had cigarette burns and we found a half eaten bread roll behind the curtains when we opened them – to the hotel’s credit the floor was cleaned thoroughly after we pointed out the issue .
there is no hairdryer provided though again it will be produced ( in a box complete with screws and wall fittings ) if you request one .
internet connectivity : access is only available in the bar and reception areas – by design apparently to drive consumption .
the pros : the seafood in the restaurant was good and the wine priced cheaply .
buffet breakfast was ok .
the best room is the breakfast room : a truly remarkably preserved example of 60’s décor .
the other public rooms are a throwback to the heydays of the 60’s including a pair of caged birds !
the hotel is cheap by comparison with others in the cascais regionthe location is truly magnificent and it has its own private pool ( though it too appears to have changed little since opening ) the staff are friendly as is the owner who mingles with customers in the evening .
the history of the place ( the plethora of famous visitors whose pictures with the owner are everywhere ) .
in summary : this was a venue my wife who is a portuguese interior designer spent her childhood summers at so the return ( for her birthday weekend ) was sentimental and we made allowances as a result .
for us to return though the bedrooms would need a complete overhaul and the car park in front of the beach view rooms closed at least during the hours of darkness .
