the plan was to visit friends in redondo , staying over 1 night pre-our flight home out of lax .
received a few suggestions including the shade and chose here on impulse to be entirely honest , aided by the fact that they live walking distance away .
arrived by car after a long drive from up north ( us 1 and hwy 101 ) and through the traditional horrendous la traffic and pulled-up at the 'baggage drop-off'/ valet parking , where there was a porter and luggage carts .
he remained semi-motionless , apparently unable to see us , and determinedly unmoved by the scene as i collected a luggage cart , and proceeded to load it from the depths of our alien hire car , wrestling with suit cases , smaller bags , coats , shoes , boots and the like .
when almost completely unloaded/loaded , he stopped being transfixed and bounded over and offered to help - `` you 've got to be kidding me .
far too late .
i can manage the rest on my own .
here 's the keys , so you can park it for me '' .
we went inside to check-in .
flabbergasted still at that 'cameo ' performance of lethargy , we recounted the experience to the poor chap behind the counter .
his reaction was almost identical and he did , apart from apologising , just about the only thing he could - he upgraded us , so we did have a very nice room on the ground floor overlooking the marina .
we had a wander round the hotel and saw the view from the roof-based pool , walked around the boats in the marina , then had a drink in their bar .
was made to feel like we were intruding and not at all welcome .
we drank-up and left .
total bill on top of their basic charges for bed & breakfast of nearly $ 300 was a miserly $ 35 .
00 - we were that impressed .
'the shade ' on location grounds and at superficial and aesthetic levels has a huge amount going for it , but without the basics . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
'average ' at best .
gratuities reflected our opinion - below 'average' .
reception - thank you .
we genuinely felt sorry fro you .
you were so let down .
