my wife and i stayed recently in one of the courtyard cottages on an admittedly foul weather weekend .
the cottage was warm and cosy and very well appointed .
having your own living room/kitchen/diner plus double bedroom and bathroom upstairs is great value for the price of what normally only gets you a hotel room .
the kitchen is fully equipped with a supply of coffee , tea , snacks and fresh milk in the fridge .
we were also shown a couple of the 6 rooms in the main house which are beautifully decorated with wonderful views over the estate and would be a good choice .
we had dinner in the brabazon restaurant which again at eur45 per head for a 5 course dinner was outstanding value .
the food was of a high quality without being at all pretentious .
a very enjoyable dinner .
service was friendly and efficient and welcoming .
unfortunately , as noted by other reviewers , the breakfast was just the opposite and a real disappointment .
when promised a `` full irish breakfast '' at this level the least you can expect is that it be freshly cooked to order .
this was not the case as most of the ingredients had clearly be pre-cooked and sat long enough to dry out , so the bacon , sausage and irish black pudding were all dried out .
despite asking for fried eggs easy-over , we were both served with hard eggs which we returned .
this is such as shame and so easily fixed .
the main house itself has some beautifully appointed sitting rooms which are a wonderful spot to sit back and relax with a good book .
although we were not able to enjoy it due to the poor weather , there are also some beautiful gardens to enjoy along with the hot tub .
the hotel is close to some fascinating sites to visit , such as newgrange and slane castle .
the hotel 's sister property in shane , the conyngham arms hotel is well worth a visit with an excellent bistro restaurant , a roaring fire and of course a great pint of guinness .
the shane bake bakery is also not to be missed ! !
all in all , a lovely property , but the breakfast must be improved .
