this is an all-inclusive resort with a huge area of beach and inland grass .
it has two sections - one for families , with pools for activities , and one for adults only , with its own quiet pools and bar .
it is 5mins away from the airport , though this does not mean a lot of noise pollution as there are only a few flights during the day and none at night .
the staff are superb , always cheerful and helpful .
rooms are big , each with a balcony/veranda and air-conditioned , with quiet air handling .
our housekeeper made animals out of towels and local flowers each day and placed them on the bed .
there are several bars , including a rum bar , which has a huge array of caribbean rums , all included in the price of your stay .
similarly , there are many branded spirits available at the bars , including some high-end ones .
the house wines were spanish and all were delicious .
the main dining-room was huge , with an enormous selection of different foods to which you serve yourself .
however , there are three other , select , restaurants - one italian , one asian and one creole - also included in the price of the stay .
these require booking and a dress code applies ( but not too severe a one ) .
the food in these was fantastic , worthy of a 4-star restaurant .
house wines are complimentary , but a wine list was available with some tasty bottles for purchase .
various entertainments took place in the evenings , moving from one bar to another .
the concierge was most helpful and organised a car and driver to show us the island .
twice .
spencer and sherby were local drivers who knew everything there was to know about the island and its history .
they also knew about the plants that grow in such profusion , as well as their medicinal uses .
coconut bay is on the atlantic side of the island and the sea , although very warm , is rougher that that on the other , caribbean sea , side .
the latter has few waves and crystal clear water , so that the many tropical fishes can be easily observed .
smoking is not permitted in the rooms , but is ok outside , where there are plenty of places to sit , some of which are under cover .
we went out of season , which i recommend as there are few queues and the restaurant booking is easy .
all in all , this is one of the very best resorts i have visited and i heartily recommend it , along with st. lucia in general .
