the restaurant at ston easton park is listed separately , as the sorrell ( sic ) restaurant ( which is actually an incorrect spelling ) .
this review only covers our experience at the hotel ; the restaurant has been reviewed separately .
turning off the always dangerous a37 into the park immediately gives a sense of peace , reinforced as the house comes into sight .
while architectural purists might cavil at some of the later alterations it is a lovely sight , especially in the afternoon autumn sunshine .
there is a large lawn in front of the house , on the other side the garden slopes steeply down to a landscaped area with a stream running through , with a series of mini-weirs .
at one end there is a bridge apparently made for pooh-sticks , even though the weed underneath the bridge makes the game even more one of chance than usual .
these gardens are beautifully maintained and one can walk through to the large kitchen garden , which is obviously still in daily use .
the house itself is interesting , with a charming reception room on entering , although oddly with the principal staircase in a separate area on the other side of the wall .
if reception were n't tucked away on entering , one would want to go straight into the glorious saloon , with its stunning plasterwork .
when the house was converted into an hotel , bedrooms were tucked into every possible corner , so i doubt if any one is the same as the other .
the classic ( i .
e , cheaper ) rooms are in the servants ' quarters , but are of a very high standard , well-equipped , with sheets and towels of the best quality .
the bathroom was also excellent , although the height of the ceilings ( it being the servants ' quarters ) meant that neither of us could stand completely upright in the shower .
the reception rooms offer generous and attractive seating areas .
some of the bedrooms are up quite steep flights of stairs , which anyone with mobility problems may wish to note .
all the staff are helpful and very friendly , and mainly local .
this applied from the booking stage ( discussed further in my review of the restaurant ) throughout our stay .
contrary to the experience of some reviewers , our breakfast was excellent and served promptly .
if i had n't had a cooked breakfast ( which usually i do n't ) i would have been very happy with the cereals , fruit and pastries on display .
my only reservations concerned the quality and reliability of the wifi and the fact that some of the hall and stair carpets are starting to show their age .
but these are minor blemishes at a lovely hotel , run with charm , at which we would be very happy to stay again .
