just came back from a short weekend away in noumea and a stay in le nouvata hotel .
i would like to thank the hotel and its staff for the efficient and friendly service extended to me during my stay .
i arrived at about 12pm on a saturday , and my room was not ready because it was way before the hotel 's usual check-in time .
the receptionists on the desk kindly stored my luggage in the luggage room ( so that i could go out ) , which is a standard procedure in most hotels .
but what made a difference was the friendly staff members who attended to me when i went back to the hotel about 20 minutes later as i wanted to get changed ( it was a nice day and a lot hotter than i had expected ! !
- i had arrived from sydney where it was freezing that morning !
) , and again a little later to put something in my bag .
in both occasions , i was welcomed by a smile and a nice `` no problem at all '' attitude from the staff .
thanks to this , i was able to start my short break on a very positive note .
my room was facing the pool as i had n't booked an ocean view room .
the pool and the poolside area appeared to be well maintained .
in-room amenities ( e .
g .
tea/coffee making facilities , small fridge , tv , air-con ) were adequate , and the shower was strong enough , although there was a sign that says the amount of hot water was limited .
i traveled alone so this was not an issue at all .
the room came with 2 beds , one was king and the other was single .
i found the single bed more comfortable so i used that during my stay .
free wifi had a strong enough signal for sns and the connection remained reliable .
housekeeping service was good as the cleanliness of the room was kept to a high standard .
i did not dine at the hotel but managed to go to the bar one evening .
there was a group of people enjoying karaoke , which was amusing , great entertainment !
the bar staff ( two of them , a lady and a gentleman ) were super friendly and their services were quick and efficient .
i booked my room together with my flight via an online travel booking site , so i must have only paid aud $ 80 or so per night , which was a very good value for money .
overall , i had a very good stay and will definitely choose this hotel for my next visit to noumea .
