my thoughts on this hotel are almost exactly the same as paris-amsterdam , the previous reviewer .
the high points of this hotel : * the views of the water and snow-capped mountains - breathtaking ( but becoming a bit more obstructed with new construction ) * location - within easy walking distance to vancouver art gallery , robson area , etc .
* some nice touches - such as heated tiles on the bathroom floor , a better-than-expected bar and restaurant ( serving lunch and dinner ) that also overlook the water and mountain view , recycling bins in each hotel roomon the `` needs improvement '' side of things : the room itself and the general decor of the hotel did look a bit dated and worn .
my first impression of my room is that it looked kind of like a guest room at an older relative 's house , with nicer bedding .
the decor did n't seem coordinated in any kind of way .
the room was smaller than expected , but it was nice that the windows opened ( note that not all the rooms have a balcony -- mine did n't ) , and the vancouver air was cooler and far less sticky than the southern us air these days .
there was some noise from the construction across the street , so i just closed the windows during the working hours on the weekdays .
all was tranquil at night .
i was pleasantly surprised how good lunch in the hotel restaurant was .
i ate some of the best halibut i 've had in a long time , and the service was top notch .
i ate breakfast in the other hotel restaurant , patina , which is open only for breakfast , and that involved a decent breakfast buffet with so-so service .
there is a revolving restaurant on the roof of the hotel , a place called vistas , and the food there was good , and the servers were attentive .
though it 's a bit pricey and a little touristy , the views make it a must-see for those new to vancouver .
we went around sunset -- gorgeous .
i visited the workout area -- several cardio machines , and some free weights and cardio .
the surroundings look a little dated , too , but the equipment was great for what i needed .
afterwards , i spent some time out on the adjacent sundeck area and found that very appealing .
the views there are just of neighboring buildings , including the marriott across the street ( which looks really new and nice , btw ) .
but it 's a nice space to relax , read the paper , etc .
in spite of the dated appearance of the hotel and my room , i would definitely rank it `` above average , '' and i would stay here again .
