the choice of tv channels is poor for this standard of hotel , and there is no in house movie choice at all .
overall this is good value , and with a bit of improvement could be the bargain of this summer in berlin .
if you walk around behind the hotel for 15 minutes there has to be a hundred places to eat , with all cuisines , price ranges and styles catered for .
the rooms are bright and well equipped , as is the style of hotel indigo , but really cramped .
the staff are a delight , speak any number of languages and could not have been more helpful , cheerful or positive .
it seems to be a special feature of hotel indigo that they offer superior bathroom facilities , and this one did not disappoint ; brilliant rain shower , excellent quality fittings and lovely towels .
first impressions were spoiled , not by the hotel but by the work going on outside of the front door , which i presume by the smell was a refurbishment of the sewers .
i tried with my ipad , my laptop and my phone , all the same and every speed test i ran gave similar results of only about 100- 200 kbits .
i stayed at the hotel indigo ku’damm ( nb there are two in berlin ) for three nights whilst at a business conference .
the internet is awful , and paying for the “ premium service” makes absolutely no difference at all .
it’s a shame , as the level of equipment was excellent .
however , once inside the hotel is clean , smart and bright .
if there were two of you ( i was alone ) you could not work and walk around .
why anyone would put only one capsule of coffee of each type in a room with a double bed is beyond me .
each coffee machine has one expresso , one normal coffee and one decaff and that your lot for the day .
some of the small things that could make life easy might usefully be reviewed and improved .
unlucky if you want two of the same or there are two of you !
one of the best is just next door .
in my room there was about 50 cm / 18 inches around the bed .
even internet radio , which isn’t a high bandwidth product would stall regularly .
