we ended up having a great stay ( albeit at twice the price i planned ) , the photos worked out well , staff was welcoming and accomodative when we were there , but i also realized you 're not going to get too much special treatment at an important , busy new york hotel around the holidays ( admittedly in this case , one that was not hosting other things associated with our wedding ) .
they originally said they could let us know if early check in was possible early the week of the event and said it was likely , but no one would give me a yes/no answer when we finally did ask ( which therefore means , do n't plan on early check-in ) .
when i booked the original room , they also said we 'd be welcome to take some photos in the hotel ( just had to confirm closer to the date ) but the person i spoke to the week of the wedding was more stand off-ish about the prospect .
this is a great hotel ( and well located for this purpose ) where i would stay again , but the experience was kind of mixed , so i 'll try to be balanced here .
we stayed here for our wedding night ( and the night before ) - used it as a place to get ready and stay the night .
we brought back ~30 people after the wedding to hang out in our siting room for a bit and it worked really well .
for improvement : it was kind of a challenge leading up to the wedding and i almost pulled the plug on staying there .
it seemed like they 'd be happy to accommodate our two main requests early on when we booked but that was n't the case much closer to the event .
i ended up buying the night before ( another $ 900 ) so i could guarantee we 'd have access to the room by noon ( rather than 3pm ) the day of the wedding .
the staff was very welcoming on the day of the wedding and service was great- they decorated the room with roses and left a gift of chocolates and a hand written note .
good : the hotel is clearly an iconic place , and our two room suite was very beautiful .
we ended up doing a few photos there anyway and it was n't an issue .
we took some photos in the lobby and they also came out really well .
the wedding was very close by at the central park boathouse ( so no part of it was held at the carlyle ) .
i still think this is a great hotel and classic place to stay with nice rooms .
i understand the hotel 's perspective behind the above issues but my main concern is that i got different answers to my questions over time from different staff members .
we tried not to be too disruptive , so i 'm grateful we were able to do so .
we live in nyc but wanted to stay closer .
also 6 large bottles of water delivered to your room costs $ 120 , for reference .
clearly one was available the night before .
