overall the hotel was very good on the hardware side , but lacked a bit on the staff side , specifically when it comes to the experience of arriving at the hotel .
obviously i was very happy with them , so i did not touch them , instead kept them as a living sculpture in the entry area .
after exiting the garage ( badly signed , with golf carts taking parking spots and furniture standing around for maintenance ) i went to what i thought was the reception , to learn it was not .
check in process was okay , when entering the room i found a little welcome amenity in form of a fruit plate ( grapes , peaches , nectarines , different types of apples ) .
while i was strolling around the pool and beach area however , someone must have dawned that my rate obviously was too cheap to warrant luxurious fruits , so after my return i found them . . .
staff both in `` the cafe '' and the `` beach house '' were friendly and attentive , the food was very good .
it is always interesting how emails with links to surveys about the stay do n't show up , when less than glowing feedback is provided at check out .
thanks to tripadvisor that is not necessary a problem because the feedback can be shared with the public .
a conversation with reception would rectify the situation , so i thought .
unfortunately at least in my room the wifi was non-existent except of a faintest signal available in the restroom .
and rectified it was : i found a bowl with three measly apples .
the rooms are classy yet modern , well appointed , and with an arabic touch .
the other aspect which left me a bit unhappy was the arrival experience .
as the concierge informed me slightly from above the check in was further ahead .
breakfast is a buffet with a good spread of breakfast items plus eggs made to order .
the park hyatt abu dhabi is delivering the understated style that is typical for the brand to saadiyat beach in abu dhabi .
the bathroom large and luxurious as we know it from park hyatt .
it has attributes of a resort , like a gorgeous beach , a great pool , a beach restaurant and bar , and a cafe and restaurant .
that 's something which is hard to accept in a five-star hotel in 2015 .
plus 300 rooms , this is a huge property .
