- the wifi was extremely unreliable - i stayed for a week and there were extended dropouts every day so definitely do not rely on it for business ( i found excellent free wifi in many places in hong kong , and got fantastic performance from a local sim card , so i don’t know why it’s so bad at this hotel ) .
however , i had chosen this place over a couple of hotels closer to the water that gave harbour views in seemingly better rooms for lower prices , so think carefully about what you’re really after .
the “suite” was still pretty small and might have been better if the wall dividing the two rooms was gone - the lounge was a pleasant enough place to sit and watch the view , but the bedroom was tiny with no real room for bags .
the location was great for me , as i was happy to walk around and use the escalators to get back at night , but you would have to rely on slow buses if you don’t want to walk .
the hotel’s free shuttle , with goes to central station , helped - in particular , i was able to meet it when i arrived on the airport express .
- housekeeping was inconsistent - once knocking on the door at 8:30am on a saturday , but also not clearing rubbish for the last 3 days .
a great location near the top of the escalators - restaurants and bars everywhere , but the hotel was still in a quiet location .
despite the problems , i think i would happily stay in the same room again at the same price , because the view was just so good .
note that i had a “grand harbour view suite” on the 21st floor .
- laundry is hideously expensive - there’s a laundry on mosque st that charges less for a whole bag than the hotel charges for one pair of trousers .
there are problems though : - they say that the tap water has to be boiled but provide no free drinking water ( closest shop is about 50m uphill along robinson rd ) .
i don’t if a room here without a good view would be worth the money .
i won’t knock this place too much because it delivered on the two main things i was looking for:1 .
there’s only a tiny fridge that they fill with expensive mini bar drinks , so even if you take them out there’s not enough space for large bottles of water .
the bathroom was small and pokey with a small but good shower .
- the three slow lifts just can’t handle 23 floors - allow up to 10 minutes transit to the ground floor if you’re planning to get the free shuttle .
stunning views over skyscrapers to the harbour - the quintessential hong kong view .
i could even see the harbour while lying in bed .
results on lower floors may vary .
2 .
