the property is very kid-friendly but this helped to keep it from feeling overrun with little onesa few things to be aware of : - we were n't able to get web access to work on a mac .
not always top notch service but we made personal connections with a few members of the staff ( one of which even gave us a no strings attached impromptu tour on his afternoon break ) which definitely compensated for some of the quirkiness- innovative and well presented tunisian food at the flamingo restaurant- separated couples and family areas at the beach .
we also had some trouble on the pc due to firewall issues but the hotel staff was very responsive and helpful- food at the property is very expensive by local standards .
at a nice restaurant in town it is hard to run up a tab in excess of 30 usd for dinner ( with wine ) .
the beach is much better at this end of the zone touristique than it is in the center of the development- very attractive modern arabian design .
it is pricey but the atmosphere is exceptional- english skills are mixed but , generally , most staff are able to handle basic communication in english .
i have never thought of radisson as a premium brand and was hesitant to book the radisson blu resort .
the design is very tasteful and reminds me of nicer properties in dubai- friendly staff .
best things about the property : - location at the end of the development strip which means the beach is less crowded and more private .
it is lovely and the room rates are very good value .
this definitely is n't the typical radisson and i would highly recommend it .
- the thai food at the turquoise restaurant to be very disappointing .
most of our lunches ran at 40-50 usd for two people and dinners were at closer to 90 usd ( with wine ) .
the fitness area is definitely of much lower quality than the rest of the facility -- though the spa area looked quite nicei definitely recommend the property .
if you need a break from tunisian , do n't be tempted by the thai .
we were very impressed with the property .
a little bit of french will go a very long way- fitness facilities are fairly limited .
you may need to work with their it staff to solve this one .
a good place to live out that arabian nights fantasy without it feeling tacky .
there are a few low quality treadmills , an off brand lifecycle and some weights .
