finding anyone to work is a problem , in general , but if the ownership is n't willing to pay not only to obtain , but , to keep the employees who do great jobs , then i believe the result is the problem with the breakfast room staffing on weekdays at this fairfleld .
i guess that hotel breakfast rooms possibly do not have to meet inspection guidelines as restaurants must , but , if there were a surprise inspection here in the middle of the week , it would n't surprise me if the breakfast service was written up .
if you will come and go from here periodically as i am presently doing , returning in november for a week , you just get to the point where you want to avoid places like this because of the importance of the breakfast to you when staying long term .
this was a chronic problem and it is hard to imagine anyone wanting someone coughing over their food , especially in light of the ebola virus .
monday is n't a good day since the weekend staff help puts things in good order so the weekday staff would look good , not because of their work , but , the work of the weekend staff .
i would submit that the hotel ownership make a surprise visit to this property on a thursday or a friday , and not let it be known they are coming .
if someone on weekday services is n't willing or is unable to do the job comparable to the weekend staff , then they should be counseled , but not by management -- by ownership .
again , you ca n't get help in the oil patch if you do n't pay wages to get people to stay that are doing well at their jobs .
the number of days when this property was out of food , low on food , on different items on weekdays and as early as 7:30 in the morning was disturbing .
it 's an open secret among other staff and guests that there is a problem , but nobody does anything .
the weekday service is a disaster , in my humble opinion .
i saw , further below , someone complaining about music out of the food prep area .
i would suggest that the weekday staff be counseled and take some lessons from the weekend staff 's help .
notice i am not saying the problem is with management .
this property is in the middle of the oil patch .
do n't think that i 'm the only one who has noted problems on the breakfast room .
if you stay here for a night , just passing through , it 's not a big deal .
i see things like this as an ownership problem .
but , there are different people working those days .
weekend breakfast service is awesome !
