i wish there had been an indoor pool as the weather was bit too chilly for swimming , and i wish there had been a hot tub , too , as that is my all-time favorite thing in a hotel , but those are just my personal preferences .
they had 6 front desk stations , but only one clerk working , we found that a little strange , and the guests behind us in line were fuming at the wait .
this is what they told me at the front desk , and sure enough , when i checked out at the end of our 4 day stay , there was no wi-fi fee on our bill .
we were told to avoid going out alone at night if we could help it , so we traveled in pairs and in a group and we were fine .
i was attending a conference and i chose to stay here because the conference was in the same hotel and i wanted the convenience of not having to travel between a hotel and a conference center .
we put the 'do not disturb ' sign on our door handle , and no one touched our room during our entire stay .
apparently , if you do n't book your room directly with the hotel , you 're not entitled to use their wi-fi , which is about a $ 10 charge .
but luckily , i 'm a marriott rewards participant , so they waived the fee !
i saw lots of people enjoying the pool , so it must have been nice .
the neighborhood around the hotel is very nice , but we did see graffiti and homeless folks around .
this has not been the case at other places we 've stayed at , where the 'do not disturb ' sign apparently means nothing .
i rate it a little bit pricey , but again , those are just my standards .
we did n't mind too much , but we did wonder about the understaffing situation at the time .
our room was really quiet , on the 5th floor , even our toilet flushed virtually silently !
on a thursday when only one front desk clerk was working and line of guests formed .
there was a bit of a long wait to check in around 6:30 p. m .
so it was worth it for that , definitely .
so , all in all , an excellent experience .
the vegan restaurants in the area are terrific .
all of their staff were friendly and super accommodating .
