something was going badly wrong for them on the night we stayed - it felt like they were a couple of staff members down so there were lots of glammed-up couples like us waiting patiently for the sole bartender to make drinks and the seriously harassed young waitress to take orders and deliver them to tables .
no-one got cross ( the waitress looked to be on the brink of a nervous breakdown ) but it was all a bit shambolic .
our view was of the spar shop opposite - still , you ca n't expect a view of the eiffel tower or grand canal in brum !
we 'd booked elsewhere for dinner but wanted a cocktail in the bar on the way out .
when checking the room we noticed our tv did n't work and a visit from housekeeping only partially resolved it .
we booked based on the good reviews on tripadvisor and elsewhere but were a little disappointed overall .
the double bed was big but two singles pushed together so not as comfortable as some hotels we 've stayed in .
the building itself , fittings and design are really good - it feels like it was built to last and feels really high quality .
you ca n't even take respite in the lift as he is on a looped video playing constantly in there too . . .
the drink delays meant we had to rush for our dinner reservation but no harm done .
we could n't think of the connection to mpw or the hotel ?
the soundproofing is first class and we could hardly hear the noise of the city streets below .
not sure there is a square foot of wall without his photo on it !
breakfast was fine with good staff and a good choice of food .
to cut a long story short , a 15 minute wait turned into a confusion about our drink and others and it all fell apart a bit .
good job mpw was only present by photo and not in person i reckon .
only oddity was the choice of vinyl-record placemats .
by the way , you need to brace yourselves for the marco pierre white `` branding '' before you arrive . . .
not a big deal but a pain to have to sort it out .
no fridge or mini bar in the room either .
