dogs are welcomed at the site and there is even a proper dog grooming bath/shower facility for when you get back from walks , we used it twice .
the place is spotlessly clean wherever you go and over the next 2 weeks it was easy to see why , almost daily abc every time a pitch is cleared the grass is cut and there is constant emptying of refuse bins and fresh bin liners , cutting hedges preening vacuuming to ensure here is no litter .
although we are pretty self sufficient in the caravan , with a shower etc it was easier to take a shower in the superb facilities .
even more impressed when we got to our pitch which had well trimmed hedges marking the boundary with a hydrangea in flower at the front edges .
there a a row of sinks , a vanity area with two hair dyers and power points with mirrors and chairs , ample toilet cubicles and a full length mirror on the way out so you can check yourself out .
check in was easy and we were given a map directing us to our premier , fully serviced pitch .
there are also separate cubicles with a sink if you just ant to wash in private .
the shower cubicles a really spacious , clean and with water a just the right regulated temperature .
the courtyard restaurant serve great food and there is a coveted outside seating area ( great for dog owners ) .
my husband set about parking and levelling the caravan whilst i took the dogs to the dog walk which was in the next field .
it had been recently mowed with a well marked track to follow around the field .
once we 'd had a cup of tea we had a walk around the site to get our bearings .
facilities on site include a shop , children 's play area , tennis court , indoor sports hall marked out for badminton , gym , beautician , toddlers play area , nature trail , fishing lake , bar and restaurant .
we were soon connected to electricity and plumbed in to the water and waste .
there is even dog shampoo supplied in a dispenser .
my husband and i spent our first 2 week holiday in our touring caravan at this park with our two dogs .
driving through the lower part of the holiday park through the static caravans i was really impressed .
there 's also a takeaway .
it looked really pretty .
highly recommended .
