on leaving , i again did n't say that we had got engaged , but explained the farce of getting a bottle of wine that was supposed to be there in the first place .
however , whether i take the hotel up on their offer of a free upgrade is yet to be seen !
the room was excellent though , although i can not understand why there would be a flat-screen television with terrible reception on it in a plush room !
luckily , the hotel on this occasion was not going to impact on a romantic meal , shakespeare play , and some songs sung with the help of the guitar . . .
i did n't think anything of it , but emailed back to ask how much a bottle of champagne would be in the room/upgrade to a suite etc .
i do n't believe in telling a hotel that you are going there with the purpose of proposing , there should be good service at a 4-star hotel whatever . . .
as i had originally booked with laterooms ( with a bottle of wine in room on arrival ) , i noticed afterwards on their official website that they did a romantic package .
i proceded to walk to the restaurant and eventually ended up in the kitchen and found a chef who exchanged it for a bottle of white .
pool freezing , and the sauna was not on and had to wait for it to warm up . . .
upon arrival , the staff were ok , but not very welcoming , and when we went up to the room , there was only one towel and no wine .
the response was that i needed to make a new booking , hence paying to cancel the laterooms booking .
that was quite annoying , as i wasted a lot of time going up and down , up and down .
i noticed a filled in questionaire left by the previous guests in our room , stating a similar poor view of staff .
however , i was disappointed with the service both before and on arrival .
on returning to the room , i bottle of red proudly stood on the table .
this is a business hotel , despite it 's picturesque location , and the guests are 90 % there for conferences .
i emailed the hotel and ascertained whether it would be possible to pay extra to upgrade to this . . .
i took it down to exchange and the lady on the desk told me to `` take it to the restaurant and get it swapped '' .
we had chosen ettington chase , having stayed at st davids in cardiff 12 months ago ( also part of the principal hayley group ) .
reception provided me with towels , and asked what wine - i said 'white ' .
