three nights in a row we had stayed at la quintas and this one was by far the most expensive , noisy , and less pet friendly ( gravel pet area , no grass spot to do business ) .
we took our things up to our room and it was here i found out my pups are scared of elevators and had to hold them tight in my arms .
we then took them outside to the `` pet area '' it was about to rain again and it was all gravel , no grass !
our room was on the second floor , the waterslide entrance was on the top floor and you could hear the water and kids screaming all the way down up until we fell asleep from fatigue around midnight .
we got there on wednesday night and as soon as we saw the packed parking lot we knew it was going to be noisy for a wednesday night .
breakfast was delicious as always filling us up and fueling us for another long day on the road headed to othello , washington .
all my husband and i wanted ( and 2 road weary chihuahuas ) was a quiet place to sleep and get out of the bad weather .
it took them awhile to go but they did and we went back to our room and ordered a pizza .
we found it , ate , then got out before the kids woke up .
even the breakfast room was located inside the area where the kids ended up splashing and yelling at the end of the slide .
after showering and packing the car , we went looking for the breakfast room .
we were told it was located in the restaurant where the waterslide ends .
we ate it and finally went to sleep .
i know some of you younger ones with kids might be thinking that an indoor water park is just great fun but for us `` mature hotel guests ( i am 53 ) i assure you it is not .
an entire second grade had booked the whole third floor one of the kids gleefully informed me .
we are not used to this .
note : have exact amount plus your tip because our delivery guy had no money to make change on him .
the noise made them shake from all the kids .
no cookies here either , must be a clarksville tn thing .
oh yeah , they sell starbucks here !
