i called downstairs once i was successfully in my new room and asked , given the circumstances , if i could be granted an extra hour on sunday to check-out with our extended family and small children ?
( you will have to see the giant croaking amphibians for yourself ) while the weather and water temperature was chamber-of-commerce perfect , i 'd have to warn anyone considering this property in may or june to understand that tradewind 's big wedding event planning is priority 1 and regrettably , other guests may fall by the wayside .
i made reservations weeks in advance and confirmed the arrangements twice by phone to make sure of a `` zero hassle '' weekend .
in all candor , the hotel did follow through with me on the telephone the next day and bent over backwards to assist me with my room relocation and sent albert to my room to assist me with lots of luggage .
it was n't his fault and he handled things very well and relocated me without the rest of the party having to be involved at all .
i enjoyed my room accomodations and the view from my balcony was terrific .
i have easily spent over 1,000 nights in hotels around the world and i found this response most disappointing .
the canal paddle-boats were a big hit with the kids as was the `` pirate island '' with buried `` shark teeth treasure '' , the putt putt golf as well as the frog & lily pond .
i knew something was wrong when i was inaccurately told that my room was not available at 7 pm only to find out that i would have to change rooms mid-day saturday to realize my earlier plans .
i had long planned a beach rendezvous with my son and his family including two small children .
i expected to be given a meal voucher ( maybe even a free night for some future stay ) or some nice gesture for my inconvenenience but received nothing .
i arrived on friday evening and learned that there was not an available hotel room and adjoining one-bedroom suite available upon check-in .
i am the voice of experience .
sophie initially forgot to complete our poolside lunch order with drinks and returned a half-hour later with `` free refills '' so she obviously understands customer service .
so you ask , what happened to the 5-star overall rating ?
enough of the negative summary .
a tip 'o the hat .
this is a very nice hotel which will offer an authentic florida beach experience .
my weekend trip was almost hijacked by two large may wedding events that took place at tradewinds during our stay .
zip , nada , nothing unless i paid an extra $ 20 .
