overall , the stay was just fine - the rooms were clean and spacious , the service was friendly , and the beach is beautiful and a quick drive to charleston .
it 's nice for a short stay on the beach , and all the action is nearby .
although the outside looks more like a motel 6 than a beach resort , the inside is lovely and the restaurants , pools , bars , and fitness center are all within a five minute walk .
the walls are not sound-proof though -- if you like to stay up late and sleep in on your vacation , you 'll definitely hear room service , housekeeping , and children all morning .
the main pools by the beach are packed , but there is a quiet pool closer to the boardwalk inn in a lovely tropical setting .
you need to go down to the beach very early on the weekends if you want to get a beach chair and umbrella , or else bring your own .
we wanted a beach weekend in the charleston area , and it was a lovely weekend .
since the property is so large , with all the houses and condos , you 'd think they would open at least one bar late on the weekend .
there are a few brightly-lit restaurants that serve acceptable food , though given the options in charleston , it 's worth leaving the property for dinner .
we were disappointed that the bars and restaurants all closed up super early -- and that there were small children running around the beach bar on a friday night .
the beach bar is overpriced and filled with flies and loud music , but convenient .
there was an open room-service jelly jar in the bathroom when we arrived , but otherwise the room was clean and housekeeping was good .
rooms : we stayed in the boardwalk inn , which is the property 's hotel .
the room was a standard hotel room , with a king bed and a spacious sitting area and bathroom .
but , if you 're adults looking for some relaxation or nightlife , you probably will want to stay in downtown charleston -- or just head to south beach .
we had a large balcony , but it overlooked the driveway , so we did n't use it .
you can drive to the bars on sullivan 's island , but it 's too far to walk .
if you 're a family with a gaggle of children and early bedtimes , then you 'll probably love wild dunes .
overall : i do n't want to be a downer , because it 's fine , though probably not four stars .
but , you need to know what to expect , especially if you are n't traveling with a family .
