generally hotels in the heart of chester are super-expensive in the summer but we got a great deal at crowne plaza ( better when you book early ) and even got upgraded to a club king room which provided you complimentary drinks in the bar between 5pm – 8pm every evening which was nice .
my only complaint was on the day of our departure as we were guaranteed a late checkout at 2:00pm but housekeeping came knocking after we returned from breakfast and again at 12:30pm just as we were minutes away from checking out anyway .
we were early into chester so our room was not yet ready so we left to explore the city and returned some hours later .
there were special spa vouchers in the lobby and was able to use it to get 10 % off a treatment .
the only thing is that the spa is outsourced and it seemed that only one lady was doing all of the treatments so you didn’t have a pick of time slots or flexibility with your treatment .
she was really good though but i can’t help but think that a proper and staffed spa would be success here , especially catering to weary travelers !
tom was apologetic for this and promptly brought them up to the room along with a lovely box of cadbury chocolates with an apology for the mix up .
the hotel’s main entrance is covered , dark and feels like the back of a parking garage but it is in a prime location just steps to watergate street and the heart of the city .
but overall and despite this little hiccup , we had a great stay !
the agent who checked us in ( tom ) was super-efficient and very helpful during our stay .
and service was great in the restaurant and bar too .
we used the pillow spray and breathe in roller ball ointment which proved helpful in falling asleep .
we thought that housekeeping should not bother departing guests without checking with the front office to inquire as to the guest’s departure time as no one wants to feel rushed when they’re getting ready to leave .
we loved the little touches like the cookies and the mini chocolates .
we were told that our luggage would be in our rooms when we got there but they weren’t .
i had wanted a 60 minute massage but there was only a 45 minute slot so i had no choice but to take a 30 minute neck , back & shoulder massage .
a fantastic and generous buffet spread !
the breakfasts were superb !
this hotel and its staff provide exemplary customer service !
we were quite impressed !
