our room was very dusty , the remote control was dirty , the fridge moldy and overall it gave the feeling that it had not been maintained nicely and was in desperate need of an upgrade .
we spent five days at the compass point beach resort and really liked its location , away from the crowds and next to a wonderful beach ( love beach ) .
so we ate four nights and five lunches at the hotel 's restaurant , which had nyc prices but not the quality .
overall , the highlight of this hotel is the view of the long empty beach , its proximity to it and its friendly staff .
- during our five days there , the machine to make fresh orange juice was broken , never fixed and therefore , no fresh juice available .
since the hotel is located away from the crowds , which is fantastic , since we had the beach almost to ourselves , there are not many dinner options around .
- two days they did not have honey for the yoghurt with honey , which they offer , since they had run out of out .
we almost did not book this hotel because of that concern but once there we were positively surprised that it was not a problem at all .
the quality of the room does not match its high price at us $ 380 .
also , we were somehow disappointed that there was no water bottle or anything to welcome us in our room after our trip .
the proximity to the airport was not an issue at all .
- all days they did not have the ingredients for the vegan wrap or vegetable burger .
- every single day , the red snapper was the catch of the day .
all things that could be easily fixed and would make this restaurant an attractive dinner option since it also has a nice view .
the staff was very friendly and made us feel welcome .
the view , however , was amazing !
therefore , make sure you have the more expensive beach hut where you can just hear the waves .
even though the quality would have to increase to justify the high prices .
not what one would expect for us $ 380 ! !
also something i would expect at this price point .
