we stayed at the swan because we were travelling with our dog , but i can appreciate that for people who do n't like dogs , the swan may not be the best place , as there are a lot of them , although to be fair dogs are not allowed in the main restaurant .
the common theme then , is a bunch of hard working staff , in a hotel in a great location , and serving great food , who just need a bit of common sense management to organise them properly .
breakfast was much the same , with guests waiting a long time to order , and then watching dishes arrive in an ad hoc fashion , in no particular order , and again with little knowledge by the staff of who had ordered what .
top marks went to the barman , who wrestled with taking drinks orders , and serving food to 3 different lounge areas , while the rest of the staff focussed on the restaurant .
if you want basic , then the battered fish and chips is above the average , but other dishes on then menu are to a good restaurant standard .
checkin was in theory from 4:00pm , later than the average hotel , yet there were still people waiting in reception for their rooms to be ready at 4:30 .
in fact , grasmere is probably the most dog friendly place i have visited in the uk , with most of the shops bearing `` dogs welcome '' stickers .
on decor and cleanliness , suffice it to say that some areas of the hotel are very tired .
the special on one night was a delicious duo of salmon and haddock , with lemon sauce , served with herb mash .
in our case , during checkin the staff lost our registration card ( the bit you normally use as proof of signature for extras ) , but we managed without .
at dinner , time and again , the waitresses wandered around with dishes asking each table in turn if they were what the guests had ordered .
at breakfast , the high standard continues , with teh best ingredients ( eg the king of black pudding sourced from stornoway ) , all well cooked , without the greasiness of so many full breakfasts .
final point , i noticed one reviewer who complained of dogs in the bar .
this is a a real breath of fresh air compared to the crowded tourist traps of bowness and ambleside .
the opposite of a few years ago when it was difficult for those of us with canine friends to find hotels !
to be fair , the staff worked hard .
this hotel has a few good assetts and could so easily be transormed into a great hotel , with a little competent management .
there is good walking in every direction from the swan .
the management of the swan is however appalling .
for non-dog lovers , its safer to ask when booking whether dogs are allowed or not .
