i certainly would not consider this such a bad thing for i am after all staying in a very nice hotel in the center of victoria sw1 and ended the room rate was better than you can find it at any comparable hotel in the area .
there is a flatscreen tv ( not hd ) and for once more than enough tea and coffee to satisfy even the hardiest of hot beverage drinkers .
the rooms are comfortable and somehow they seem to achieve with some degree of adaptability a room that contains everything that you need for your stay .
once you have checked in there is a glass sided lift ( elevator ) to take you swiftly into the floor is on which your room is located .
i would suggest however if you are in the process of doing any one of these labors do not attempt to “swing a cat” at the same time .
remember it is quite likely that you will spend most of your day in london and really only need somewhere clean up , relax and sleep .
so for that reason i would suggest that if you can bring a way of extending one outlet in too many that would not be such a bad idea .
this is a very nice quite small hotel with old world charm that for my stay was very quiet .
for those of you who are still reading there is one thing of some note .
if you book a single bed that is exactly what you will get .
all in all nice comfortable hotel , with restaurant and bar attached , which should serve as a great home base to explore london .
the area is very interesting with lots of shops and restaurants .
it is clean and well kept and the receptionists and reporters ( bellhop ) were neatly groomed , professional , polite and accommodating .
the bathroom is again quite tiny though enough room to shower shave and use the toilet .
now i can not make a comment on other rooms but mine was tiny though just about sufficient for my needs .
i was just your book as far in advance as possible to get the best price .
there are cheaper hotels but i 'm sure your imagination can get to grips with all that suggests .
there is a dearth of electrical outlets .
for the price it is extremely good value .
if you need something it is probably close at hand .
