this was a return visit and one we had been looking forward to , we have fond memories of stilling by the pool on an evening watching the surfers being projected onto the walls - but no chance this time !
they have now offered to refund the points ( as this was a redemption stay ) , but to be honest , this is still missing the point , the hotel should not be open to regular clients during this period .
when 20 minutes later a bell boy brought a replacement key and took us to the proposed room , this was little better , overlooking the pool that was being covered by scaffold !
on arrival by taxi , it was complete chaos as the driveway was closed and the taxi had to drop us off in the garage , not exactly the impressive entrance you could expect .
we then went to reception to request a further option , finally , a room some distance from the upheaval was offered .
we stayed here one night in the first week of january as a stop over between our flights from honolulu and our return flight to london .
this was overlooking the turning circle of the drive and was horrendous , the noise of scaffolding banding , workmen shouting at one another - it was simply unacceptable of any hotel , never mind one of this standing .
the swimming pool was also unavailable as that was having a stage ( or something ) built over the top of it .
unbeknown to us , the hotel was in the midst of preparing from the golden globes !
this is simply unacceptable and is pure gread on behalf of the hilton , wanting the glitz and glamour of the awards by also the revenue from room sales .
you had to use a side entrance to the hotel as the access point on food , not very grand .
at no point during the reservation process or subsequently had we been made aware of this .
unfortunately , the only option was to escalate , as no real empathy was displayed by reception staff .
that room was ok , and had limited intrusion from the ongoing work .
we checked in and went to the ( 1st ) room .
the reception staff should be doing their upmost to distance residents ( not involved with the awards ) from these works .
there was a complete lack of consideration at all points during this .
at no point was a direct apology made .
we therefore requested another ( quieter room ) .
it really does not align with their marketing line of 'restful nights await' .
