my 5 night stay cost over $ 2200 , upon check in i was asked for a card ( as expected ) the lady told me they would take the full rate plus $ 400 for any extras added to the room ( refundable if i did n't use it ) .
i 've stayed in many hotels across the usa and never had the full amount of a room rate put on hold and if a hotel has taken a $ 100 per night extra for room service they have refunded on the day of check out .
when i complained about this they said it was standard procedure and that it was hotel policy to take the full rate as a pre-authorisation !
i filled out the form , sent a copy of my credit card details , billing address etc then only to find out it was the wrong form and that i would have to sort out the customs forms myself .
as if realising i was out $ 2000+ for nearly 2 weeks my fiancee realised she left her laptop in the safety deposit box .
on check out i signed my invoice and agreed that my full total was $ 2200 plus any extras from the mini bar .
apparently i was in the wrong for using a debit card !
the stay was ok , the hotel is in a good location , the rooms are quite spacious for new york .
the hotel had charged me $ 2600 on check in and $ 2200 on check out !
luckily i had a relative living in new york that picked it up for me .
the nicest member of staff was the guy that helped us with our luggage and organised a taxi to the airport .
when i first rang the hotel they were really nice and told me they 'd help me out .
temperature was hard to get right in the room we found it was either too hot or too cold ( same as the shower !
on check in we were told about the cocktail happy hour period in the bar downstairs ( cocktails were n't included ) .
i was left with 0 funds available knowing i had $ 1500+ the previous day .
when i arrived back home in the uk i thought my bank account had been hacked .
i stayed at the refinery for 5 nights over the new year period .
this might not come across as a big deal to some people but for anyone living on a monthly wage or running on low income it 's worth knowing not to pay via debit .
the staff were a little off putting .
i nearly missed a mortgage payment over this .
