staying at bessho sasa given us the best of both world , we can have our privacy by soaking in our private onsen , and also access to all other facilities that hotel kaneyamean has .
the main attraction of the hotel is the huge private japanese garden of the hotel , it is very nicely maintain and also have a natural river inside and linked to a path to the hill at the back of the hotel .
comparing to some great onsen resorts that we have stayed , hotel kaneyamean and bessho sasa is something different , it has so many facilities that staying a night is not enough .
there is a separate reception cum concierge counter at level 4 and a private 24 hours lounge for the guests of bessho sasa , is like the executive lounge of the western hotels .
the breakfast is located at one of the restaurant in lower ground and i must say that it is so far the best selection of japanese buffet of all the nice japanese hotels that i have stayed before .
bessho sasa is part of the fame hotel kaneyamean , which is consistently listed as one of the top 10 onsen resort in japan .
the access to the hotel is very convenient for self travellers as they have free hotel shuttle from both fujisan and lake kawaguchi train station .
the roof top onsen ( level 10 ) where you can see the iconic mt fuji right in front of you is the most popular and crowded one .
hotel kaneyamean converted level 4 and 5 into their premium floors , where every suite has private onsen overlooking the majestic mt .
however , due to the size of the hotel and japanese etiquette you can still very comfortable .
however , you have to ask the tourist information counter at either station to call the hotel and wait for the shuttle .
as the guest of bessho sasa , our dinner was served in the room , the food and service was top class .
bessho sasa is 2 years old and hence the furnitures are relatively new .
hotel kaneyamean is mainly targetted local tourists and company events and hence it can be crowded .
there is a also an outdoor swimming pool and a church within the compound .
fuji , and they named in bessho sasa .
the japanese garden and it 's tea house alone already worth the stay .
they were celebrating second year anniversary when we were there and gave us a bottle of nice locally brewed sparkling wine .
at night , they will be japanese drum show follow with game of bingo .
the japanese tea ceremony is free for the guests .
