on three days of the four we ate there , as soon as the dining area closing time came , even though guests were still completing breakfast , staff came in to eat and were served heaping plates of hot bacon .
and on weekends , it was not possible to keep up with bacon for guests .
hotel is on a major street with lots of traffic and construction ; not noisy , just challenging driving .
there is a traffic light at the corner so easy to get in and out of parking lot .
choices were typical waffle maker , two choices of cold cereal , grits , oatmeal , eggs [ some days okay , others way overdone ] , 2 types yogurt , whole and 2 % milk altho ran out of 2 % for two of our five days , real juice not watered down , bananas , oranges & apples , and good assortment of bread and danish .
i always shop around for 'deals ' when traveling and would stay here again if i could get the better rate as was offered on this occasion .
i do not begrudge staff getting bacon , but eating it in front of guests seems rude .
there are no sidewalks and with roadwork , you can not safely walk to anything .
front desk said staff did not like the sausage served , so they received bacon . . .
it is close to several shopping areas and variety of eating establishments - mostly fast food and typical chains .
perhaps a tastefully worded card on each table might encourage guest to look around after eating to see if folks are waiting .
on one occasion there were cookies out in the late afternoon .
people were sitting , drinking coffee and visiting long after eating while others were standing waiting .
our room was a standard double , small frig , rather small bathroom with good shower , comfortable enough for our five night stay .
breakfast room is very small for the number of guests . . .
24 hr staff available , but often a sign saying `` away helping other guests '' .
getting to and from tables and food preparation areas was crowded and tricky .
did not make me feel like a `` valued '' guest .
esp on the weekends .
mattresses and pillows comfy .
