next time if i visit athens i’ll look for another hotel closer to my budget and my needs but if you like old stylish hotel and mostly with a british attitude that is your place and of course if you can afford it !
for the price that i pay for the breakfast was very expensive and you can definitely find a cheaper place to have breakfast near the hotel .
we have stay at grande bretagne for one night during this march and the only reason that i choose to stay at this hotel is because i want to watch the greek parade of the celebration of the release from turks in athens and this is the best place to do that .
staff was always free to help but if you are 30 year old and wear jeans maybe you 'll find the staff indifferent , that is something happened to me .
our room has a small balcony and it is overlooking the parliament and the parthenon something that is was great and if the weather is good you can have your coffee in your room balcony .
the hotel itself has a british decoration and it is a little `` heavy '' for us but this has to do about the person .
i went in two places that tripadvisor recommend and the food was great but i was surprised that i didn’t see any tourist !
because i am greek i would like to give a tip to all the foreign tourists that visit greece and athens .
i have been in much cheaper hotels and the bread was fresh instead at grande bretagne was n't fresh at all but the view from the roof top was top notch .
monastiraki , plaka and all historic centre of athens is just a short walk from the hotel .
i see that most tourist have lunch in the historic centre and mostly at taverns that other tourist are .
i recommend to all to see where greeks eat because they know where to eat and trust me greeks like good food and mostly people from my town thessaloniki .
it is right across the parliament and next to everything .
watch the restaurants that tripadvisor recommend and you want loose .
public transports you can find anywhere next to the hotel .
the food was good but the prices are high .
take a look than and you want miss !
the best about this hotel again is the location .
hope you find my review helpful to you .
breakfast was good but not excellent .
