there was no view from our room , but we were not in florence to look out of the hotel window , although river facing would have been very nice and may have enhanced our experience of st regis .
we were recommended to go to 13 gobbi for dinner by concierge ( for a kick back no doubt as our name went on a list ) but apart from the rock hard bread it was excellent .
) in our personal opinion st regis did not match up to other top end hotels we have stayed at even though it was actually the most expensive .
there was no iron in the room and the cost was €9+ to have each shirt pressed ( probably why we saw a couple of guests in creased t-shirts !
the hotel decor and service is grand and our room was nice and spacious and we appreciated the tv screen in the bathroom mirror .
a bottle of sparkling wine was also waiting for us in our room when we returned on our first day which was a nice touch .
i booked this hotel based on ta reviews and had high expectations of top end opulence and luxury which we decided to indulge in to go in hand for our first florence experience . . . . .
i ca n't pinpoint what it was , it might have been that the hospitality did not feel genuine and was a bit pretentious , but our whole experience generally did n't feel refined .
we sent a request ahead of our arrival to see the statue of david and the hotel arranged priority tickets which meant no queuing .
for the high end rate we paid for a double room we were not happy that in fact we had two single beds pushed together with no attempt to disguise the gap with a top mattress .
each evening a glass of champagne and an oyster was included in our stay .
a friend booked and faxed over tickets confirmations for the galleria which we promptly received via concierge when we returned from pisa .
wifi was chargeable at st regis even though we are now in 2013 .
the location was very good , easy to walk to all the main attractions and get the train to pisa central .
in the evenings we enjoyed after dinner drinks outside on the roof terrace of the sister hotel opposite .
we have just returned from a two night stay .
concierge service was excellent .
breakfast was good .
this was appalling .
we should have complained as it affected sleep quality .
