i stayed for the one night in the zenit in bilbao to be in a convenient area of the city centre and to attend a music concert that was supposed to be in a venue just five minutes walk from the hotel , but the venue was changed at short notice to the other rock star live club which is outside of bilba and an extra 20euros taxi ride , so i had complications and was in a rush to get there .
the hotel made a mistake and they should have offered to pay for my taxi , but i argued with them wasting time and they were hopeless .
00am wake-up call the night before , as i did n't have an alarm on my watch and had a late night after the concert .
the hotel has a small , but very chic lobby area and the man at the reception was very friendly when i checked-in early in the evening .
the zenit was a good hotel other than all the hassles , but because of what happened , i wo n't chose to stay here again .
they checked the status of my room requests and no wake-up call was even recorded , so i was even more angry .
the taxi got stuck in traffic and cost me 33euros , which is 15euros more than the usual fare , so i was very stressed out and upset over the hotel 's mistake .
my bed was comfortable enough and the room was quiet , but i requested a 7 .
i did n't have time to shower or anything and i was absolutely furious with the reception who showed no emotion and did not seem to care about my situation .
not only that , i was not planning on having to spend an extra 30euros on a taxi to the airport , as the airport bus is just 1 .
i made it to the check-in desk for my flight home by a matter of minutes .
00am and i 've never rushed so much in my life !
i had just 10euros left for food and had to wait for a cab who accepted credit cards .
i had to get to the airport by 8 .
00am ready to check-in for my morning flght back to london and that wake-up call never happened .
the rooms here are artistic decor and modern , but comfortable and very clean .
all needed amenities are complimentary , like razors , toothbrushes , combs , cotton-wool and the usual shampoos and soaps .
unfortunately the only let down is that there are no leisure facilities at all at the hotel at all .
i woke up by chance at 8 .
30 !
