seagrape is located in west end , and is within about a 7-minute walk to the main street .
the price for the double bedded bungalow was usd $ 60 , which i think is very reasonable to split amongst two people .
west bay beach is definitely much more gorgeous than west end , however there are far more things you can do in the west end that you ca n't do if you stay in west bay .
although nothing had happened to us , you can never be so sure for the future so just take precaution : ) we stayed at a bungalow with a double bed for one night .
at night there are only 2 very dim street lamps and so it was sort of scary for us two girls to walk to the main street to and fro late at night .
however , of the 7-minute walk to the main street , about 4 minutes of it is on a dust road .
everything in west end is walking distance to seagrape , so the location is really great .
they have a usb converter for an sd card so you can transfer your photos from your sd card right into the computer each night if you want ( which i highly recommend you do especially if you are a diver and take photos underwater because my camera got flooded on my first dive and i almost lost all my photos from my sd card ) .
i think she is one of the main reasons people come back to this place .
we had decided to divide our stay between west end and west bay , so we were coming from west bay .
the room was clean , and there was a mini refrigerator that was included in the price .
she is very warm in her emails and is willing to do anything to make your stay more enjoyable .
there is an internet room right in the reception building .
mariela , the manager of seagrape , was very kind .
for instance , 90 % of restaurants are located in west end .
we found ourselves wasting cab fare/ water taxi fare to our commute to west end each night we stayed at west bay .
the rate is $ 1 for 15 minutes .
she also scheduled a pickup taxi to our airport .
my friend and i had stayed here for one night on 4/22 .
the hot showers were nice .
