there did n't seem to be a clean up service either and the pool area was covered in left over lunch plates which the birds were pecking away at - and not just one but many many many . . . . .
it may seem like off season in greece but for customers who are travelling from all around to stay at your hotel , you should be making the effort to have everything clean , orderly and up and running .
food service , well , as it is 'off season ' the lovely taverna 37 was not open which left only the beach service if you did n't feel like leaving the beach or pool area .
during this stay which is the first bank holiday weekend of may , the hotel was running at 100 % capacity , booked to the hilt . . .
the location is amazing , our room ( a deluxe seaview room ) would leave many other hotel 's envious - a tub looking over the beach and sea is just amazing . . . . .
the beaches were filthy and when i say filthy i mean the amount of rubbish floating in it was just horrific .
we absolutely love this hotel but on this stay it was nearly all bad things wrapped in one experience .
two days at the pool and there was a family with two small children swimming in their underwear .
let me start by saying we love this hotel , having stayed here ( and at the westin ) many times over the last few years .
the sandwiches on offer were substandard , damp from the 1980 's plate covers steaming the contents and at 22-26 euros a sandwich , eye watering expensive .
it was cringeworthy if not a bit disgusting .
the beach was packed on sunday yet the water was absolutely ridden with plastic , cigarette butts . . .
surely you should be looking after your customers a bit better than that ?
as well as the sheer size of the room , not to mention the incredibly spacious balcony .
and not everything was open or maintained .
i would have rather not gone in at all .
i took my little girl inside for a swim out of pure love . . . .
that is what makes this hotel just downright fabulous .
you name it .
what happened arion ?
