the hilton was a real treat for this stay in london as part of a globus package , but hilton 's high room rates would probably prevent us from returning on our own .
globus has a tour desk in a small room in the lobby so answers to questions about their services were always close at hand .
in a small room off to the side , 3 computers were set up with free wifi .
the rooms were spacious with comfy king sized bed , lovely selection of toiletries , modern bathroom with tub and separate shower , robe and slippers , in-room safe , but free in-room wifi only for those with a hilton gold honors membership card .
while our room was a quiet oasis , the lobby was large and noisy with so many people coming and going .
what a way to start the day with all of the choices in the hot and cold food areas with fresh fruit , juices , breads/pastries , and even porridge .
the lobby also had plenty of seating in deep comfy sofas useful while waiting for a tour to start or a bus to catch after checking out .
other restaurants in this area are not immediately evident , but later we did see a pub and , of course , there is a m & s store a block away for a quick snack .
the seafood pizza ( 13gbp ) was a work of art , freshly made by the chef at the cooking station , and the large cheese spinach tortellinis ( 13gbp ) were delicious .
this hotel also has a large indoor pool , but we were too busy sightseeing to try it out .
our room rate included a breakfast buffet set up in the hotel 's fianne restaurant .
we did have a pasta and pizza dinner in the fianne restaurant one night .
this hilton is located very close to the edgware tube station where we used the jubilee tube line during our free time to get us quickly to the sights in central london .
we stayed 3 nights - a weekend- at this hilton hotel , as part of our globus tour package .
being with globus , we did not have to use the services of the reception desk .
the concierge offered advice and answered our questions about shopping while a door man fetched a taxi for us .
the a/c made the room very comfortable while the hallway outside , which was not a/c , was warm and stuffy .
there were many elevators which gave fast service between the room and the lobby .
free newspapers were also available in the lobby .
internet access was very fast and i liked how one could just click the icons for weather and maps for quick info .
