after a very average stay at the granges st paul in london , my son and his wife were smitten by the quality of service , location , property and welcome they were given by gm cocchi and his staff while on their honeymoon in europe .
having visited the hotel before , i reached out to gm cocchi and requested anything he could do to make this a special visit for my son and his wife , and did he deliver !
my daughter-in-law noted you are also greeted by beautiful decor- from chandeliers , to what seems like a beautiful garden that they have as their hotel restaurant , and lovely shop .
it was the most lavish room they had ever experienced- from velvet curtains/pillows/blankets , ornate wallpaper , chandelier in the hotel room , and a bed fit for a king !
gm cocchi sets a leadership example to his staff and you can see that at every level of service in this hotel .
also gm cocchi , true to his word ( unlike the granges st paul ) upgraded their room which was a nice surprise !
my son and his wife strongly recommend this hotel , especially to those seeking a very romantic location ! !
this hotel is as practical as much as it is grandiose it is right at the entrance to the city , so you do n't have to walk far with your suitcases !
the hotel papadopoli venezia mgallery was the most elegant , regal , and sophisticated hotel my son and his wife have ever stayed in !
gm cocchi added a wonderful touch of strawberries , chocolate , champagne , cookies and a note wishing them a nice stay for our honeymoon !
my special thanks to gm cocchi staying in constant touch with me on what he was planning for my son and his wife up to their arrival .
you can get a bus or taxi from the airport that drops you off at a bridge that is the entrance to the city- so you must lug your suitcases to the hotel you are staying ( you could take a water taxi as well if it is far ) .
upon entering their hotel room , they released a gasp of disbelief !
as they walked inside , they are greeted by nice concierge who were very eager to help us and whatever their needs were .
they also were given a private terrace that overlooked the city and on the water- very romantic .
once they arrived , i left my kids in his and his staff 's incredible care .
it is right on the water and by the grand canal !
if you are not aware , there are no cars permitted in the city of venice .
truly felt like royalty while there for their honeymoon !
gm cocchi you truly rock ! ! !
