the breakfast area is quite nice with a bar and outdoor deck area on the 5th floor however it 's only open for breakfast and not at any other time .
the window in the room you ca n't see out of as there is a metal louvre on it and the blind does not go over the whole window as their is a light fitting in the way so the room will be lit up as soon as the sun is up .
the room was tiny the hall way was like a runway with kids running up and down it all night making heaps of noise and their parent 's talking/yelling out behind them .
my wife 's ( wilma 's ) and my bed ( fred 's ) yep even though we requested a queen bed we both got a small bed each , were rock hard and one of the most uncomfortable mattress 's i have ever slept on in a hotel .
if you hold the handle down on the door it beeps at you constantly until you take your hand off , this seems to happen all evening and it can be easily heard in your room .
this is n't the first ibis we 've stayed at but it 's definitely on par with one of the worst !
there was a cool local food market if you head left as you come out of the hotel , cross the road and walk 60m or so to see how the locals buy their food .
this space has so much potential and would be awesome for a relaxing drink of an afternoon or even have dinner if only it was open .
everything else is absolutely terrible and if the hotel internet was any good and we could connect properly we would have probably booked elsewhere .
the staff are a bit hit and miss , one could not understand me and started snatching my credit card off me and almost threw the receipt at me after i 'd paid .
that combined with noisy hallway 's neither of us had a good night sleep on the 3 night 's we were here .
this hotel only has one thing going for it and that 's the location .
the breakfast is nothing special , with a mix of western and asian were they charge 58rmb .
i came to escape the room and do some work but was kicked out at 1030am .
when you opened the door the smell of cigarette 's came waffling into your room even though there 's no smoking on our level .
that was the sole reason we booked it to be around the yu garden area .
there is absolutely no way that i would return to this hotel even if i was paid to stay here .
the bed 's are like something i would expect the flinstone 's would sleep on .
the rooms are not very sound proof at all .
after arriving from 16hrs of transit at 9pm at night all we wanted to do was sleep .
