the executive lounge is on the 15th floor and does breakfast with hot scrambled eggs , bacon , cold meat and cheese , fruits , pastries and cereal with a coffee machine .
turns out they had decided to clean the windows with a machine at night … it happened again the following night and woke us again .
we had a 5 night stay in a executive room with lounge access and view of the ocean .
10 rise tickets are 10,30 euro each from a machine at the entrance that takes euro cash and most cards but not amex .
there are 4 computers in the lobby with free internet access and printer connected for boarding passes and printing maps with directions and online reserved tickets .
there is a large pool , sauna and there wellness facility on the 2nd floor .
the hotel is close to many corporate headquarters including sanofi , the museum blau ( new natural history museum ) and the beach .
the staff at the front counter were more than helpful in terms of directions , routing advice and restaurant reservations .
the diagonal mar shopping center has about 50 franchise chain restaurants and a couple of reasonable tapas/tipica options as well as many shops .
minuses : its not in town ( +/- ) and generally this will be quieter than in central barcelona/el raval - so we thought until we were awoken but mechanical noise in at around 3am on our second last night .
excellent winter discount rate and a great city to explore in january .
useful for the road warrior are the media markt - everything electronic - clothing shops for men and women and free wifi .
linea 4 ( yellow ) takes 12-20 mins to central area stops ( el raval , gothic , exiample ) without the need to change .
subtract the night moves on the windows and it approacheth the perfect .
many pluses and a good base from which to explore barcelona .
the el maresme / forum metro stop is 5 mins walk from the hotel through the diagonal mar shopping centre .
the bed is king sized , bathrooms adequate , floors are synthetic wooden .
minor note : the computers in the exec lounge require payment for use 35c/min so print boarding passes in the lobby .
there is an outside balcony area that must be popular in summer .
taxi fron bcn is 38-45 euro each way taking 25-30 minutes .
