only flaws ( versus other kimptons ) : ( 1 ) the keurig coffee maker was not 'restocked ' by housekeeping ( other kimptons do restock , and will use liquid coffeemate singles not the cheap powdered creamer , some kimptons also give free bottled water with the coffee maker - the muse does not of this ) .
( if you find this review helpful , please click 'thanks ' below - it helps me know people read these and its worth taking the time to write them ) .
located just steps from the madness and touristy kitschy capital that is times square , this hotel provides that boutique , personal feel that kimpton has become so good at .
these are minor issues - ultimately you chose a hotel you a ) can get a good night 's sleep in , and b ) feel like you get your moneys worth - usual through a perception of value and a service orientated staff .
sleep comfort was very good , and the noise and lights of ts could not be heard in our room .
i 'll leave you the surprise - but its these sorts of things that really help this hotel separate itself from the crowd .
the adjoining bar / restaurant to the lobby was used by use for breakfast one day ( excellent ) and drinks in the evening .
( 2 ) the a/c unit could not be put on 'low ' fan - it would keep resetting to auto , so it would turn off / on during the night ( room 714 ) .
easy walking distance to much that midtown has to offer - only a few blocks from ts , rockerfeller centre , bryant park , the ny public library , multiple subway stations and lines , and a 10 block walk to central park .
the staff was excellent - the female manager even called me by name on a regular basis - very impressive and a classy touch .
thus is you are looking for a centrally located midtown hotel i highly recommend the muse .
the lobby toilets are a must visit - perhaps the best lobby toilets i have ever seen in a hotel .
in this space is the morning coffee and afternoon wine reception .
the bathrooms are spacious by ny standards and the shower was excellent .
but as kimpton travellers know , what ever you need they 'll bring to you - including a coffee maker , humidifier , hair straightener etc . . .
the rooms are very modern with nice art deco style mirrors and lamps .
this may be a room specific issue or could be how they 've set it up , but it was annoying .
the hotel lobby is small but cosy .
the room comes standard with wall mounted flat screen , safe , closet , robes , mini bar etc . . .
that said we were not facing 46th street so if they assign you a front facing room i would ask about noise / light .
