this stayed the same even after our compliants , after the hotel guy was `` fixing '' it - altough advertised differently in the beginning , the `` hot '' shower was not able to provide hot water , but only cold one .
of course the aircondition was not working , only after our compliants magically it got power supply to work .
i dont know why but i guess their authors have been completely wrongthis hotel was the absolute worst hotel of all we had during our 1 month stay in india - it is absolutely dirty .
after we left the hotel , i had to go back to the room as i forgot something , and guess what , our bed sheets were lying on the bed ready for the next guest !
so this was not a mistake but is done to squeeze more money saving the cleaning - we took the most expensive room with aircondition .
- the water closet flushing did not work , as the water supply was not there- we gave our laundry for washing to the hotel .
during night it stopped working ( our assumption is that they again stopped the power supply to squeeze some more money ) .
the machine was manipulated in a way that it did not cool , but only the fan part was working .
and guess what , of course the hotel owner wanted us to pay the full amount in advance !
lonely planet recommends this hotel as having a lot of character as it has marble floors and mogul carpets on the walls and being clean . . .
as the light was working they seem to have a special power switch to turn on/off the aircondition . . .
only after we requested , the hotel handed out some new ones .
the restaurant in fact has really great views on the taj mahal and is rather cheap !
they cleaned nothing , even after our compliants - there were no clean bed sheets nor any towels available .
of course it was not cleaned at all when we got it back .
also dont mix this hotel with the attached restaurant ! .
- thats not all on the aircondition .
also the owner was acting always like an arrogant `` pasha '' .
in fact the bed sheets available were used before .
they did not even used water to even try to clean it . . .
