you should get a room that is as high as possible , not only because you will get a better view , but because you will also be further away from the street ( and potential noise – read my previous review ) .
with floor to ceiling windows , beautiful bathrooms and a comfortable bed it is more expensive than the intercontinental ( where i have also stayed ) but for the premium it is worth it .
this bus is direct from the airport , so there are no stops between leaving the airport and when you arrive – the seats are extra wide and very comfortable .
located in the financial district “kiddie corner” from the intercontinental hotel and coex center , this is still a very nice hotel .
one of the cheapest and less painful ways of getting to the hotel from the icn international airport is to take the bus .
i still think this is a very nice hotel and recommend it for those who want a high quality , clean , modern and well appointed hotel .
for those who are “diamond” members in the hyatt frequent flyer program , there is no lounge at this property .
the coex complex ( and intercontinental hotel ) complex across the street has a large number of shops , restaurants and services .
the starbucks that is just behind the hotel appears to have been changed to a “local generic” copy of a starbucks .
the hotel is located on top of the samseong subway station so you can easily get around the city .
i last stayed at the park hyatt seoul in 2008 and you can read my previous review labeled “modern room surrounded by good old fashion service” .
i was on the 18th floor this time and it was more quite than my last visit .
there is a bus just outside the terminal – bus number 6103 .
just walk out the front of the hotel and go diagonally across the street .
the bus is for “coex” which is the building that is diagonally across from the hyatt .
this is at a huge bargain basement price of 15,000 krw compared to a taxi or limo which will be ~100,000 krw .
with check in on the 24th floor , the hotel rooms are below the check in .
one should note that the hotel is not near the traditional “tourist” areas .
room keys are rfid and are required for the elevator to function .
i highly recommend this mode of transport if you are wanting to save a bit of money .
