opportunities : the linen was fine and clean , blanket ok - but i would have liked down or down alternative blankets , or at least some kind of plush one .
you can readily get to the garden district , the riverboats ( needed a taxi for city park but it was worth it ) .
) - it was good yes , but also some of these up and comers like cochon and root are worth a look .
we all like cafe du monde , of course , but it was not a superstar to me , let 's say - just ok for its reputation in general .
the important part is you are right by the quarter , the streetcars , restaurants , a car rental , easy access to the highway ( we took a side trip to waveland ms by car ) .
our tub did n't drain , and our remote did n't work , but engineering fixed these charmingly in 5 mins once we askedthere are not really any special window views i do n't think in this hotel , and it does n't really matter .
we ate at emeril 's delmonico ( if you are in the backroom they walk you , slowly , through that great kitchen !
the sazerac ( its a known thing , but we did n't know , crazy fun ) .
the rooftop warm pool and hot hottub were super clean and inviting , many big towels ready , even though it was chilly march , long hours open , alot of warm sunlight , and people were tusing them .
check out city park , and some of the neighborhoods around it .
we do n't think the air conditioning exactly worked , or did n't work as we expected , in our room .
the front desk , bell , business center staff and shoeshine man are very engaging and helpful .
pleasant , classy , committed staff - the concierges are top of the top - they know everything !
tips : check out frenchmen street - we liked the spotted cat and maison .
decatur is a very handy way to get to frenchmen st.rampart is not a pleasant way to get from the quarter to budget car rental on canal ( yikes ) .
walk down to the warehouse district and eat at cochon and/or root .
on the natchez riverboat you have open access to the engine room - really neat .
napoleon house is very subdued , relaxing , old school , and cheap , for a muffaletta and pim 's cup .
we did n't really need it but if it was any warmer we 'd have asked for help with that .
best parts : lobby , and its style , clubs , restaurants .
