i saw several other suites in the hotel and they were all different and interesting ; the provocateur suite on the 3rd floor of the dutch masters wing was a real cool suite that i 'd want if i returned .
it was one of the smaller suites # 138 but it was prime property with a balcony over the river facing an intersection that gives you a good flavor of the living city , and very nicely decorated if you are into the color red .
two cautions -- when i checked out of the hotel , the valet put me into a taxi that wound up overcharging me to the train station telling me that there is a flat rate of 15 euro anywhere in center city .
i called the hotel afterward to let them know about this and to inquire if it were true and was told that i had indeed been overcharged ( and for them to know about this so the next guest does n't get the same deal ) .
at the gourmet restaurant , i was confused about the charges on the menu and got a bill that was about 40 euro more than i expected .
second , the hotel 's in-house handbook on the in-room ipad advertises a spa as of fall 2011 and it ai n't finished yet .
but otherwise , the hotel deserves a rating of excellent and it rates in the top 20 % of city hotels .
i noticed though that the situation is honestly described on the hotel 's website so i ca n't really complain .
third , if you hire a car and driver thru the hotel concierge , expect to be billed 90 euro per hour .
the manager , the moment he found out that i was perturbed , reduced the bill and let me know that he wants my return business .
service was good throughout and i liked all the food and beverage outlets , having tried them all .
massages are given in your hotel room and the jacuzzi is an extension of the swimming pool at swimming pool temperature .
so do n't assume that just because they put you into a taxi that you will be charged the correct rate ; check before the taxi leaves the property .
this was one of those 50/50 situations but the manager did n't want me unhappy .
one fellow guest was very irate about this ; they gave him cocktails for 2 at the bar .
the bathrooms are very good in this hotel .
climate control in the room was also very good .
the service is being marked up quite a bit .
the hotel 's gym is adequate .
i was upgraded via amex platinum from a river view junior suite to a deluxe suite river view .
