downside for me , is that walkway means guet will be walking right by my window , 6 '' away from me , so even on nice day i have to keep curtains drawn which makes room have no natural light .
instead of a sofa , a fancy reclining type chair , ok if single but for couples in room surely a sofa is better , as then it is lying on bed only choice .
the much higher ( too high price rate ) rate is charged and limited to one device , i have 2x company devices and my personal laptop .
this is enough to stop me staying here on business as i need use 2x laptops to work and i am not allowed to use company laptops for my own internet browsing ! !
very good room rates fri-mon , during weekdays rates higher due to business stayers but totally negated by poor basic wifu and exorbitant speedy wifi rates , charged per laptop .
free minibus xfer only mon-fri , weekends is 1/2 hourly bus ( 4 euro ) or taxi ( 10euro ) to station , bus stop is 100m from hotel reception .
i do n't need movie download , gaming internet speeds , but i found free 512 speed terible and all but useless , and normally hotels allow 2 or 3 devices per signup , i ca n't pay for 3x laptops per night . . . . . . . . . .
wifi dissapointing , free is so called 512 rate , but was too slow to load my emails or look at online newspapers .
interesting hotel layout , rooms in a ring round open atrium center of hotel , with inner and outer balcony walkways used to access rooms .
minibar is a fridge , has mini spirits , water , beer etc , but loads od free space for own water/cola/milk etc .
no shops local , but nearby petrol station which i did not visit .
polite friendly staff , easy checkin , instant upgrade to exec room as an ihg platinum during checkin .
two story hotel building , 2-3km from leiden central station .
fair flatscreen tv on wall , good uk channels , bbc1/2/3/ccbc , itv1/2/4 , eurosport which is appreciated .
wardrobe had usual laptop safe , bathroom bath with shower curtain .
marking service/value down from 4* to 3* purely due to lack of expected reasonable internet ammenity here .
plenty of electric light but thats not what i really want .
i had milk for coffee already from stations supermarket .
central atrium area has swimming pool , kids play area , shop , restaurant , bar etc .
nice comfy bed , comfy pillows plus some cushions .
