when asked on how to hand in the towel cards at the time my family is still in the swimming pool , i was answered that they can be rented for a fee !
check in was a long disorganized wait that resulted in giving me the first of the two rooms around 2pm and i was promised the other before 3pm , for which i gave my mobile number .
my family was in the swimming pool , i phoned the front desk and was informed that i needed to checkout with the towel cards .
i called the front desk immediately and was informed that the lost and found office is closed at 4 , so they noted down my contact details and promised to come back to me .
after a very unsatisfactory stay and an attitude of every employee we dealt with , except the persons who serve in the pool restaurant , we had to check out .
i came back to a room where the bed is made up , the tea spoons are still with the coffee remains on and no towels .
they claimed that this is what they call a seaview , although , few years ago when the hotel was in a better shape , i stayed in a seaview room which was completely different .
i complained with the front office and asked for the towels urgently as my kids were having a shower and got them after the 3rd call , 30 minutes after .
as i went into the first room , i found out that it was a side seaview and not a seaview .
to begin with the rooms , they are far from tidy , used up and not clean .
on the second day , i saw the houskeeping and tipped them about $ 15 to make sure they do things willingly and happily .
the swimming pools , although very old and need to be renewed are good for my children 's interest .
to add to this , the table and couch together with the floor were not cleaned .
although they have 4* by the door , they are a maximum of two .
after check out , we noticed that we left one of the swimming suits behind in the balcony .
drinks are also over priced , easily comparable to other 5* hotels in the area .
4 days after i called in to inquire again and was told that nothing was found .
the hotel was over-packed with people holding day passes , which overcrowded all the facilities .
loads of rubbish sits around their edges at all time and the employees go around them without anyone taking action .
that said , they are only cleaned once a day , if ever .
