but when i was there , platform screen gates installation was going on at the the bella center stop , which is a stop away from orestad ; that meant i had to get off the metro to-and-fro city centre at bella center , and had to wait and board the next metro which was headed towards vestamager ( a stop after orestad ) instead .
i did not think it was much of an issue that the hotel is located 6-7 stops away from city centre ( norreport ) , since getting there via metro usually takes about 15 minutes .
the hotel is about a five-minute walk to the nearest orestad metro ( green line , metro line 1 ) , right next to field 's shopping mall .
the hotel room was cozy though i did not get much of a view , there was complimentary wifi access in rooms , and the showers in the bathroom worked just right !
installation works aside , i will gladly stay at crowne plaza copenhagen towers for my next visit , the rides out to city centre daily was a good way to start the day .
so if you need to get some shopping done , you probably want to be there ( or most other shops , for that matters ) earlier !
the staff at the hotel 's reception was warm , welcoming and patient , he drew a map and gave directions to the nearest metro on the first day of my arrival .
the hotel is less than ten minutes ( via the hotel 's complimentary shuttle ) to the airport .
to locate the airport 's shuttle upon arrival , it is outside terminal two , you have to cross the road and walk out to one of the bus bays , the shuttle is a black vehicle with the hotel 's name across it .
do remember to book the airport shuttle the day before you are due to leave to ensure there are seats , the shuttle arrived on time at the hotel for pickup on day of departure .
moreover , complimentary shuttle makes is painless , easy and stress-free to get to the airport , especially so when you have an early/ late flight .
however , like most boutiques and shopping malls , field 's closes rather early at 8pm ( the body shop at stroget opens at noon , closes at 4pm !
i found myself dropping in once or twice , once for early morning coffee and breakfast at baresso 's ; there is a starbucks there too .
the installation works are said to come to an end by spring of 2015 ( if this should matter , for more info , visit http : //intl. m .
a minor inconvenience , but the wait seemed longer in cold nights and early mornings .
the hotel provided complimentary bottled water everyday , television had selected international channels apart from their local channels .
you also can buy a copenhagen card at the reception desk .
/about+the+metro/travel+information/timetable+changes ) .
i had stayed at crowne plaza copenhagen towers from feb .
the bed was comfortable .
