i do n't know why trip advisor does n't yet have a review page for the restaurant , but the restaurant was n't open for our stay at the property , which was a disappointment ( especially because i 'd asked specifically about its hours at the time i booked our room because i 'd heard such good reviews about it ) , but we ended up an extra day at the palace hotel in port townsend , so we went back to the castle for an evening meal on a wednesday when it was open .
i thought the rooms were overpriced for the comfort and it is n't a walking distance from the cute town , so you 'd only stay there if manresa castle was on your `` to do list '' .
we opted to eat in the bar area to get a window table ( and i would have loved to not have had the tv on ) , but the dining room would have been my first choice as its furnishings are quite genteel .
the server did n't educate her that blue cheese is moldy , as are all cheeses , which may have been a disservice to the diner , but we certainly enjoyed the appetizer .
i thought the castle was interesting , but there are some important things to note : the rickety elevator is operated by the hotel receptionist , so be prepared to wait .
i had a water view , which was quite nice , but be aware that there is no air conditioning in the rooms .
we were underwhelmed by our rooms at the castle , but the restaurant was fabulous .
the castle was renovated and occupied by monks at some point , so do n't expect to have large rooms and opulent furnishings .
i had a closet ( no hangers ) but no bureau , and my sister did n't even have a closet at all in her room .
it was cool at the time we visited , but in the summer , it would be untenable for me .
i 'd recommend the chicken marsala , and my sister 's entree was also perfectly prepared .
the furniture is second hand , at best , although the sheets were nice ; the towels are old .
the trash basket had not been emptied before my check-in , but that was the only area that needed attention .
i believe there 's no one on duty after 7 or 8 , so stairs are the best option .
our meals were prefaced by a bread course complete with three different butters : gorgonzola , garlic-herb , and regular butter .
the bathroom fixtures were also old , but they functioned .
a diner at a nearby table took a conniption fit because she said something tasted moldy and she asked the server to take it away .
my ratings are for the hotel portion only .
the gorgonzola was aromatic and just wonderful .
all the rooms are small .
