we speak a little german , so did n't need to test their english too much , however it did seem that one or two of the staff did n't speak any english at all .
late at night/early morning it can be a little tricky to get a train back , and so you may have to pay 20euro or so for a taxi .
personally , this was n't a huge issue for us as my better half has an incredible sense of direction , and can navigate his way around any foreign city after 5minutes of looking at a map !
however if you do n't have a good natural sense of direction , or are n't tremendously map-savvy , then this may not be right for you .
it is situated on the outskirts of the city in a more-residential area , about 20mins or so via train from the main tourist attractions .
there are a couple of bars in the vicinity , but these tend to be less tourist-orientated .
locationwhilst the title of this review may suggest this hotel is in an awful location , that 's not entirely the case and is very unfair to say .
again , that does n't affect us because we are n't the sort of british who expect to travel anywhere in the world and meet english speakers .
the hotel building itself was actually quite nice , with some glass-roofed parts which let in a lot of natural light .
take the time to learn a bit of german before your visit and you 'll be fine ! !
none the less , the bed was comfortable , and the room as a whole more than adequate .
as was expected , it was just a basic continental buffet - cheeses , cured meats and bread rolls .
not a massive issue , and to be expected in a budget hotel .
if you have a relative aount of common sense , you 'll be fine !
overall : good if you have visited berlin previously and are familiar with the overall layout of the city and its ' public transport network .
as with many hotels on the continent , this proivdes the 'two single beds pushed together ' as a double bed .
the room : clean , albeit a little basic .
there is a petrol that is open 24hours just a 2minute walk away , so should you fancy any snacks , this is handy !
the best restaurants and bars are a train ride away .
perhaps a little over-priced for what it was .
