the bar and restaurant re-opened on the second day of our stay and they look nice ( incidentally , there was no promotion of the re opening to guests , just as we were given no information about their closure when we checked in ) .
some individual staff were certainly very pleasant and friendly , but overall the service standards are just nowhere near what i would expect at a five star or even a good four star hotel , especially at the front desk .
i agree with other comments that the room and the food here is very over priced what you get , which is also the case across all of the yulara resort , but that 's to be expected given the captive market and the isolated location .
to be fair , their running costs would be quite high when you think about where you actually are ( the middle of a very big desert ) .
everything at yulara is owned and operated by the same company so it 's all overpriced , but i do think desert gardens would be better value for money .
we stayed for three nights and our room was not serviced once ( one day we had the do not disturb sign out , but the second day we were out from 7am until 5pm and still the room had n't been serviced when we returned ; not even the bin was emptied !
the lawns , gardens and swimming pool area are also very nice and a pleasant place to spend a afternoon .
the bar and restaurant staff were friendly but the check in was very poor .
the refurbishments seem to be mostly complete now but there is still a lot of building going on and car parking onsite is limited .
pros : overall , the refreshed room was quite nice and the bed very comfortable .
the staff member was grumpy , offered no information about the hotel amenities , no information about when the hotel bar and restaurant might re open , and was generally unpleasant .
if i ever returned to uluru-kata tjuta i would stay at the desert gardens , which actually looks much nicer than the supposedly five star sails .
poor attention to detail like this , combined with haphazard service , just leaves you feeling that all they want is your money .
summary : this is a comfortable hotel but it is by no means five star .
i was astonished that there was n't so much as an information pack in the room .
service standards in particular need to be improved before it can legitimately claim a five star rating .
some staff are very friendly and helpful .
stayed here for three nights in room 131 this past week .
cons : service is patchy at best .
) .
