stayed there for two nights in august with a friend ; the inn has tons of charm from the moment you drive through the covered bridge to get to the property .
rooms are recently renovated , and well appointed .
the package we had was through living social , and thus did not come with breakfast but there are two options for food -- a pub and `` fine dining '' restaurant .
there is a spa onsite with dry sauna , and hot tub ; game room with pool table , chess , checkers , books , and games .
adjacent to a golf club and near ski/cross country/hiking trails ; there is plenty in the winter and the spring .
the two towns nearby west dover and wilmington have great options for food and drink ; wilmington has little bookstores and cafes .
staff are friendly and helpful ; the kitchen is amazing -- the food was freshly and perfectly prepared .
i love eggs benedict and its rare to get a perfectly poached egg , and a flavorful hollanadaise sauce with roasted potatoes that was not reheated from an earlier roasted batch of potatoes .
my friend and i ate all but 1 meal there because the food was great -- she 's a chef so it was n't just me .
the massage was great !
the beds -- super soft -- it was like the princess and pea bed .
nightly bonfire is a nice touch .
freshly made cookies delivered to your room in the afternoon .
the only downfall -- i think its understaffed -- no one told us about the game rooms , sauna , and hot tub .
the massage therapist told us on our second day and was surprised we did not get a tour .
the airbed was made upon request but i had to ask for a blanket , as it was going to be 55f that night .
for some reason our used wine glasses were not removed , the day after we used them these are minor things -- and i just attribute it to a very busy staff -- - there was a wedding going on that weekend as well .
and my cocktail was very expensive -- $ 14 which is more than i pay in boston or nyc .
not sure what was up with that .
the inn is smaller than it looks on the website ; the house is old so expect some slanted floors and noisy plumbing ( i could hear water going thru the pipes ) .
the noise from the bonfires and party traveled a bit ; but again , it was a pleasant stay .
if you can , avoid the mcgovern room -- the room faces the central ac units and thus is noisy .
