this is a wonderful old manor in the countryside just outside rome which was built in the 13th century to cater for pilgrims .
it features wonderful original features , wall paintings and antique furnishings and is clearly the result of a very sympathetic restoration .
i really wanted to learn all about the history but no information was supplied although the manager did give me a sketchy outline .
apparently the information is being reprinted but it would have been lovely if a member of staff could have given us a guided tour as i am sure most people are attracted by the history .
there are fabulous reception rooms on the ground floor , sadly with no view as a horrible modern function building has been erected directly below and in front of the main building .
the small wood-panelled bar was also deserted throughout our visit although it was possible to be served aperitifs on the terrace outside the restaurant .
as other reviewers have mentioned , it 's worth checking if a wedding is taking place when you stay .
if so the dining room and outside bar area are out of bounds .
dinner was served in a lovely room at the other end of the castle but we waited 1 hour 10mins for our starter .
the two waiters were working like trojans but clearly most off the staff were servicing the wedding and hotel guests came second !
the rooms are beautiful and look totally authentic but as clearly the whole hotel has been renovated , they really have missed some obvious improvements .
there was only one socket in the room - really insufficient for two people with phones and ipads , and there was no full length mirror .
also , the a/c unit was sited behind the heavy full-length curtains which meant that the only way we could cool the bedroom at night was to hitch them up on the windowsill and hope they did n't fall down .
similarly , the bathroom had lovely antique fittings but this meant that the over-bath shower was useless and water poured under the glass screen so the floor flooded .
on the plus side , breakfasts were excellent and served on the tree-shaded terrace with a view over the valley .
we ate lunch by the pool which was good and our evening meal , served in a lovely medieval dining hall , was first class with excellent service provided by mary and her husband .
finally , it is worth flagging that this hotel is really not suitable for anyone with mobility issues .
i 'm currently on crutches and had pre-warned the hotel .
they kindly put me in a lovely room on the ground floor -110- but the bathroom was still up three steep steps .
when i requested an alternative room , that one had similar steps up to the wardrobes and shower .
there are also steps down to the restaurant and 107 steps to the lovely swimming pool ( although a golf buggy can transport you down ) .
