so firstly , the positives , the b & b is situated in a really good part of town .
we much preferred being in this area than right in the centre or near the river .
it felt more neighborhood but an easy easy walk to town .
so many folks wrote about the amazing hospitality and i think this needs to be toned down a bit as the expectations were a bit too high for us .
we sat down with one of the people working at the hotel , not the two owners , and she went through on a ipad , as everyone described , things to do .
it was fine but at no point were we asked what we would like to do .
it felt a bit mechanical but again , it was fine to get our bearings .
we had booked a 'suite ' and here really is where most of my critique is going to be centred -- the room .
the room had a bed and then what was essentially a cot -- a single bed that was put in the room .
the bathroom is just odd .
it is built in next to the closet and so when you open , it opens like a closet and then when you shut , it really does n't shut .
that is , it is not a proper door .
this might well be consider a suite but not in the sense you would expect and definitely for 2 adults , traveling as friends , one had to do the cot like bed and the other the big bed .
this is essentially good for 2 adults and a child but not two adults traveling separately but sharing .
there are no amenities in the hotel ( no bar or restaurant ) .
breakfast was sparse ( not cooked ) but fine .
it is served in the reception .
there is a garden in back but it was ( when we were there ) not the weather for it .
the house has charm and the owners seemed nice but you had the sense they were more into the older folks that were staying there .
also the suggestions for restaurants geared toward really basic , family fare and no offers of something a little more trendy or interesting .
the cost for the b*b was certainly much less than the others and on that , it was good value but just read this alongside the others to see if it seems like a place for you .
