stayed here in july 2009 .
yes the hotel has that 70s / 80s feel and it has a curious almost museum like feel with lots of old grandfather clocks , paintings , cabinets , cases around the hotel .
i would have liked to have known more of the history of each of these pieces - that would make them much more interesting .
despite initial impressions , my room was comfortable and well laid out with a really comfortable bed , good flat screen tv with three english channels , bbc world , fox news and cnn plus lots of local channels .
free internet access is a great feature and operates throughout hotel with good signal strength .
i particularly liked the small led lights at the desk and on either side of the bed .
also the `` daylight '' lighting in the bedside tables gives a refreshing light when you wake up .
hotel has different levels with ramps added to steps in attempts to make hotel more disabled friendly .
parking garage on two levels below hotel but chargeable .
i negotiated daily price down from 20 euros to 15 euros - but still expensive for a hotel out of city centre , plus point is that there is 24 hour security in car park with cctv and security in foyer of hotel who make their presence clear - a good security point .
hotel is close to a large el corte inglese store which is 1km away - go to roundabout / rotary north of hotel and cross motorway / freeway / autorout and follow main road .
there are buses in that direction .
no subway / metro close to hotel but did see a station not too far away .
my room was a good size with a separat e desk area with good lighting and a table - two seats and a settee / couch in room too .
no kettle or coffee machine however and no ironing board or iron which is surprising for a business / conference hotel .
laundry service was however quick and efficient with one day turnaround - but relatively expensive .
good efficient shower and nice bathroom .
air conditioning is efficient , but the fan cuts in and out when you are in the room and it is quite disturbing - i heard at least one guest and one of my colleagues complajing about the noise .
depsite what another reviewer says , my room had lots of power points at desk , beside table and in bathroom - placement well thought out and much better than many hotels where access to power sockets can be quite limited .
i count eight in room as i write this review including one above bedside table ideal for charging phone overnight .
it looks like some thought has gone into refurb / redesigh of rooms in hotel .
there a small fridge / minibar in room too , with space to put your own drinks if necessary .
