i usually stay in hilton hotels , but there was not one in bahrain so i opted for the sheraton brand instead .
the hotel was probably one of the first hotels to be built in this part of the city - the diplomatic quarter .
when it was first built it must have been quite the cutting edge .
but all that was a few years ago and bahrain now has many newer hotels .
the sheraton has not kept up .
rooms were dated but clean .
small windows meant the rooms was too bit dark during the day ( this might be a positive given the sunlight , but air cons keep the rooms cool so i would consider it as a design fault ) and there was direct view out of the room possible when at the desk or on the bed .
my room was next to the lounge on the 10th floor - i was woken up both mornings very early by the lounge being prepared .
not sure why i was put next to the lounge as the hotel seemed empty ( more on that below ) and people must have complained about the noise before ( it was not just the noise of plates etc it was loud voices ) .
an empty hotel , but noisy rooms !
the breakfast buffet was a good spread if you wanted it - i just went for coffee and porridge ( both of which were good ) .
i was booked into a club room which had access to the lounge .
not sure this was worth the cost/benefit as the lounge was small and the breakfast offerings were poor .
i did not use the lounge after checking it out once and having a coffee .
the strangest thing was the hotel seemed very empty - the reception was not the normal hive of activity and the staff seemed somewhat surprised to see guests .
after the shock of seeing a guest the staff were polite and friendly though .
sitting alone in the evening buffet was odd .
a group of american youth did join the buffet for about 10 minutes - they seemed to be roaming the hotel being loud and out of control .
they were the only other guests i saw .
rooms service was efficient .
but all in all i would describe this hotel experience as an odd one and i was pleased to leave .
