for westerners it can grow tedious , dealing with the constant mix-ups in a foreign country , where really lovely hospitality people simply have not experienced european/western style service excellence themselves and therefor do not comprehend it , or , where language difficulties lead a visitor to constantly settle for minor disappointments .
my favorite things about this hotel actually were the rooms and grounds , but having service that actually 100 % met my expectations certainly was a relief .
the rooms are thoughtfully laid out and spacious .
housekeeping was thorough and everything was in good repair .
i did n't even see any spots that needed a fresh coat of paint in the public areas or in either of our two rooms .
the price was such a good value for the rooms and the beautiful grounds that this may be my favorite hotel for beach trips .
the standard rooms would actually work for sleeping a family super inexpensively , since there are an additional two futon-type single beds in an alcove .
be warned though if you are looking for maximum occupancy , the bathroom in the standard room is one of the least private i 've encountered ; there 's just too much glass for a crapper , in my opinion .
the corner suites are the way to go if you 're a couple looking for relaxation .
the room is set up with sea views from everywhere .
there 's a huge soaking tub in the super luxe master bath , and also a spotlessly maintained hot tub on the spacious balcony .
there 's a half bath as well so bathroom privacy is never an issue .
there 's a massive flat screen and a comfy couch , too .
i can not rave enough about how great these rooms are .
the resort grounds are lovely .
there are several pools with options for sun and shade , and the towels and lounge chairs were in good condition .
cabana boys keep ice water topped off and the pool bar service is attentive and prompt .
there are quite a few restaurants to choose from , and the food is family friendly , and by that i mean bland .
we had our best luck for tasty food with room service , which is a lifetime first .
the only real complaint is that the beach had a lot , an inexcusable , atrocious , horrid , unacceptable amount of litter .
i do n't care for excuses about the season , or storm a day earlier , or frankly even if it is a public beach .
a jw marriott beach resort beach should never have any noticable pieces of litter for longer than about 15 minutes or an hour or two , or however long it would take a worker to walk up and down the beach .
there was rubbish there for two days .
gross .
