this was the first hotel on our three weeks long trip through south america and while we were generally underwhelmed with buenos aires and literally shocked by how run down and shabby most of this city looked , it still does n't excuse that this hotel has n't seem the slightest bit if investment in decades .
not at this price and not bearing the luxury collection name .
the hotel is in a decent , very business-centre like location that itself is rather boring but you can walk to major attractions and more exciting areas that feature cafes , bars and nightlife .
rather than being a hotel on its own , it 's very much just a side wing of the sheraton which is one of those huge ugly hotel complexes right out of the 60ies .
and unfortunately , nothing much has been done to the property since , well , the 60ies or 70ies .
the `` park tower '' wing does have its own reception area and elevators but to use the pool , you have to schlepp yourself in your bathrobes right through the lobby area of the sheraton which can be a bit of a zoo at times ( there is also a direct walkway through the convention center area above but for some reason , they 've decided to lock those doors during almost our entire stay ) .
the hotel itself was all very plush and grand but in a very very old-fashioned and run down kind of way .
even the cctv cameras on the floors where those old models from the 80ies that hang of the ceiling on a stick rather than those more modern fisheye style ones you usually see !
the room was big , grand and also totally old-fashioned and unfortunately not really in a good way .
we 've stayed at many a grand old hotel before but they usually get shown a bit of love over the year while here clearly nothing ever at all .
same goes for the pool that is shared with the sheraton , it looked completely run down and left untouched from centuries ago .
i felt a bit bad for the staff because they have been absolutely excellent with very few exceptions .
twice the housekeeping intruded our sleep while the do not disturb was on which seemed to be a problem general to south america as we encountered it in other properties as well .
absolute no go though in our eyes and so easy to fix ( in theory at least ) .
there were also some inconsistencies with the service like one day no towels , next day no toiletries but over all it was okay .
staff almost always friendly with the exception of some really cranky ones in the restaurant but i will review this separately .
check in lady was lovely and charming and we were given a nice room as well .
all in all , just very plain average and totally overpriced for what you get .
from what we could tell , most hotels in this city are similar and we had much much better experiences in uruguay and chile which seem to be countries that get a bit of investment .
in general , we would not travel back to buenos aires any time soon as the entire city appeared very overrated to us .
we liked rio , santiago de chile and even montevideo much better .
