i stayed at le grillon 3 nights due to a conference i had in strasbourg , i wanted something not very expensive ( which is the case ) , close to the train station ( also right ) .
i got a room in the second floor , ok size , spartan but ok , just a bottle of liquid soap for everything in the wall , ok clean , good amount of towels .
upon arrival i already noticed the amount of teenagers running up and down the stairs shouting , it was a wednesday afternoon .
i feared that they will be problematic and i discussed them with the guy at the desk , he shrugged and said that there was nothing they could do , that the teenagers had teachers with them .
that night all the teenagers came back to the hotel about 2:30 am ( or they woke me up only then ) and initiated a festival of running , shouting , banging the doors , laughing , kicking things and similar .
i am a good sleeper but that was beyond me , there were above my room , under my room , around my room and in the street .
next morning i asked the girl at the desk when they were leaving .
she was surprised they had been noisy .
while talking to her , just a few clearly hangover teenagers were passing by on the way to breakfast .
she changed me to another room , in the 4th floor .
this room was similar to the previous but half the size , super small and very very crammed .
also a bit too warm , air conditioning did not work .
that night i put white noise at a good volume on my computer to go to sleep and i heard nothing .
however , my computer ( and phone ) were connected to the internet .
te internet is bad , slow and flaky .
has a silly screen to login every time and several points of access ( none good ) and has an awesome feature : apple products connected to it will go forward in time one hour .
this , when you have an alarm at 7am , means to wake up at 6 without knowing , and cut one hour of sleep just because .
i was the first on my conference the next day .
the final day i decided to splurge 9 euros ( it is not expensive to be honest ) and have breakfast .
it was a mistake ( for 9 euros i would have gotten a nice expresso , a bottle of water and some food in the station ) .
the breakfast room has no internet and is spartan++ .
there are just a few things , none of quality , and should be just a complimentary option .
in general the staff is nice , especially the girls , but also the guy who checked me out was super nice .
it is cheap , it is well located , but you may coincide with other problematic guests . . . .
