very bad hotel , horrible staff , room looked like a € 25 hostel room .
they turned off the ac to save costs !
we were there the beginning of september > 24 degrees outside .
room was very hot and stuffy , they refused to turn back on the ac- 4* hotel , paid 110€ per night !
rooms at the front side face a lot of noise , directly on the street with a lot of drunks , addicts and traffic .
you can not open a window due to this noise and all the people who are smoking in front of your room , after 2 minutes the room smelled like a bar , how disgusting is this !
we could not sleep due to the heat and all the noise from outside .
mattresses are 70x180 ?
too small and the linnen squakes if you turn , such bad quality !
room 108 had at least a decent bathroom which was clean .
next day got another room 410 , no street noise , but half the size of the other room , no chair , no table , the bathroom door and shower door could not be opened together , that small of a bathroom , no bath , ventilation system did not work in both of the rooms .
the walls were covered with big stains , so were the curtains and carpet .
fungus , dirt and hairs in the shower .
the room was so small we could not even pass each other !
no english channels on the tv , wifi was not good enough to skype , no ac , could also not open the window because 410 faces a courtyard where people are smoking all the time !
complained and complained , nothing was done !
no manager on side and always only 1 receptionist who was too busy , incapable and rude .
in the end the manager stopped by , he was so arrogant and extremely impolite , he would be the person who decides when the ac would be turned on/or off and refused to see room 410 .
he got very angry when i told him i took pictures and contacted the booking site .
avoid this overrated hotel , it is nothing more than 2* or it is of a hostel quality , there is no service , poor rooms , location is scary with all the drunks and addicts right in front of your hotel and street ( these were no refugees , but homeless hungarians ) did not feel safe at all at night while walking there .
no ac , bad beds and 0 facilities .
for 110€ per night you can do so much better !
