a charming old farm house , decorated with very elegant taste ( kind of country chick ) , the lady of the house just wonderful and warm ( an a well known tv cook in finland ) .
the service was very kind and welcoming , and the isolated spot in the beautiful countryside really relaxing .
the sauna was a treat ( but as it is very traditional , no shower there ; you wash you self with buckets of warm water .
this is familiar to every finn , but might be a bit exotic for others ( but fun !
) in deed most of the accommodations share shower and toilet ( and actually those in the back yard did not have any facilities at all ) .
the so called `` presidential suite '' ( the loft above the main house ) , which we had , was cosy and decorated in a very scandinavian way ( i .
e it was very empty , to the point that there was no place at all for the luggage or cloths ) .
it had a toilet without a shower en suite .
as it was early spring , the room tended to be cold all the time ( or then very humid from the gas heater ; these issues affected sleep quality ) .
this is again a thing well known to a person used to traditional finnish summer house ( they are usually light built and often without conveniences .
we had the package a , which include a welcome drink , sauna for an hours , dinner , two breakfast , lunch and a cooking course with a dinner together with the other guests ( fun !
) .
the cooking course was not very ambitious ( and overbooked with it 9 participants ) , and hence very little learning took place , even if it was very entertaining .
the maximum capacity of the course is 12 , which seems a bit too much to me .
so what did it cost ?
with three bottles of wine and perhaps 5 grappas on top of everything , it was over 900 € .
taking into account the primitive nature of the accommodation , it felt too much ( even though i love spent money on high quality hotels etc .
) .
the question is , of course , how you put a price tag on an experience .
would i then recommend the experience ?
probably yes .
it might be a good idea to stay only over one night instead of two .
do n't expect material luxury ; it 's like visiting good friends ' summer house with relaxing atmosphere and good food ( and a price ticket ) .
