my wife and i stayed here for one weeknight in june 2016 .
we enjoyed it , mostly because the breakfast area is spacious and very attractive , and the breakfast food is above average ( compared to other free motel breakfasts ) .
our room was good , well-equipped and comfortable .
we did have a problem with the front desk staff .
when i checked out the young lady explained that my credit card did not get approved , so i handed her a different card .
but then it took her forever to enter the new card into her computer .
she just stood there silently , fiddling with the computer , until i had to ask her what was causing the holdup .
she did n't have an answer , except maybe to mumble something unintelligible .
well after 10 minutes of fumbling , she finally got it right , and i was able to continue on my travels .
the clerk 's communication was poor .
the reason for my 3-star rating , and not 5 stars , is ( 1 ) the building is not gleaming and new , and the exterior is not as attractive as in most hampton inns , and ( 2 ) because of the poor front desk service .
this motel does not stand out as special in any way , compared to other hampton inns .
well maybe it does in one way , because a wonderful thing happened at this hotel .
i took a walk around the building and discovered that between this property and the adjacent car dealership/ truck dealership , there is a gravel trail leading back to a wooden pedestrian bridge .
it 's a bridge across the swift , raging arkansas river , and after you cross the bridge you find yourself in the lush valley floor of a spectacular ranching valley , ringed by gigantic mountains .
the scenery as you stand on that valley floor is stunning .
maybe the local residents take this scenery for granted , but i think this valley is magnificent .
i believe the wide gravel path that you see here . .
is a local recreational hike/bike trail .
it 's not easy to get to this stuff , behind the motel 's fences , but if you trample around a bit , the rewards await you .
very special .
i would hope the motel could create a walkway back to the river bridge , a walkway that is inviting and clearly marked , because it would add significant amenity to the motel .
