we stayed at the blue horizons beach club for one week , part of a two week trip that took in barbados .
arriving after dark and climbing four flights of stairs ( no problem ) , we found next morning we had the most amazing view of the beautiful grand anse beach .
the quality of the beds & furnishings were first class - the only comment i would make was that , whilst we were provided with matches & tea towel , pan scrub , cloth & washing up liquid would have been appreciated .
there was some lack of attention to detail i .
e .
the gas for the stove was not on ( & our first thing was we wanted a cup of tea !
) & the handset for the air conditioning did not work .
i am at loss to know why this establishment is listed as a b & b - it has self catering rooms/ suites with a restaurant that is open for breakfast , lunch & dinner dailynevertheless we would recommend this resort to anyone - the gardens were lovely , staff very friendly & its close proximity to the grand anse beach ( 5 mins ) & a large supermarket & atm ( 10 mins ) .
walking through the spice island hotel , we were able to sit on the sun loungers reserved for guests of the blue horizon & to find some shade , although i do wonder in high season whether there would be enough loungers or shade !
parents with very young children may prefer the moulon rouge beach as it is completely flat .
the blue horizon pool is about 15m in length - about standard for the americas - but the sea is so much better !
we had our breakfast at the restaurant ( pot of tea & an ommlette ) daily & one dinner .
whilst we enjoyed the meal of swordfish - i think it is fair to say that we would not have wished to dine there daily .
lunch was always taken on our balcony .
dinners taken out were at olivers , spice island resort ( set price table d'hote menu ) excellent .
coyaba hotel ( opposite kentucky fried chicken by the supermarket ) , choice of table d'hote or a la carte - excellent .
la boulangerie ( pasta & pizzas , just before the roundabout ) good for the price and carib sushi ( next door to boulangerie ) , we are not so au fait with japanese food - we thought we got a little bit too much rice - but enjoyable .
if you want to go to st georges , the mini vans official pick up is at the roundabout , but a number of `` no 1 '' mini vans come past the blue horizon in the hope of finding some passengers !
the cost is minimal & the no 1 van will bring you back to the blue horizon for a small surcharge. .
when in st georges go into the native food & fruit in the esplanade mail - follow the locals !
