as a platinum spg member , i am incredibly curious how this property is even eligible for the le meridien or spg brand – it’s a four points at best .
with exception for the well-manicured gardens , pretty much everything else was several notches below even the lowest of spg standards i’ve personally stayed .
to carry the spg banner at this property is a bad business decision and is really diluting the brand and the image it possesses particularly to most customers in this area who may be unfamiliar with the spg standards i am accustomed to .
- rooms : the attached photos say it all .
furniture ( tv stand , desk ) were all fraying .
tiles and the grout look terribly worn down and dirty .
bed sheets were coarse and towels were of low quality – you know when you try to dry yourself and the towel seems to repel the water ?
wifi was incredibly spotty and unreliable .
it doesn’t take a rocket scientist to realize that the hotel is charging exorbitant fares for rooms that have lived past their useful life and is in dire need of capital improvements .
- spa : per my wife , this was a one of a kind experience .
600 mad for 45 mins which is even high for us standards – local comparisons ran at 1/5 of the price .
nevertheless , it was a christmas gift and turns out was a strange experience .
the masseuse hardly applied any pressure and nearly pulsed versus a typical massage .
the strangest procedure was that after my wife rolled over on her back , the masseuse pulled her towel down ( exposing her chest ) and proceeded to massage her stomach ( ! ? ! ? ! ?
) - restaurants : we tried the one by the pool which made a decent pizza .
the moroccan restaurant was very mediocre but charged an exorbitant prices ( ~25 usd ) for tagine or 5x comparable sit down restaurants .
the biggest ripoff was the 450 mad pp new years buffet which offered a few mains that were overcooked .
the strangest thing was the buffet at $ 60 usd pp did not include drink and was comp’d after i complained about paying for bottled water at a buffet .
we also had tea in the lounge one afternoon and as to the nickel and diming of the hotel , i asked for two additional tea cups for our 5 and 2 year old to try and share the same pot of tea and was charged 35 mad pp which i of course found out after i received the bill .
- concierge : youssef was the only bright spot in this hotel and is the heart and soul of the property after being there for 25 years .
he is proactive , observant , and a good listener .
our issue at the restaurant was quickly resolved with youssef’s intervention .
