stayed at the grace for 4 nights during a conference at the sydney convention centre .
the hotel is excellent in many ways - in a really convenient location for everything in sydney ( maximum 15 minutes walk to all the main sights , shopping , convention centre ) , nicely styled art deco , friendly staff , excellent buffet breakfasts ( western and oriental options ) , spotless , well-equipped rooms with tea and coffee making facilities and extremely comfortable beds .
but 3 drawbacks really let the hotel down:1 .
wifi - free in just about every other hotel i have stayed in ( even cheap backpacker hostels in south america ) , wifi costs an exorbitant $ 11 per hour or $ 25 per day at the grace .
if you 're attending a conference , note that wifi is free to all delegates in the centre , so save your e-mailing for then2 .
i am a very light sleeper and e-mailed the hotel to request a high , quiet room in advance .
the reply was that this would not be a problem .
i repeated the request on check in , and was given a room on 5th floor ( of 11 ) and facing onto the street .
when i queried this , i was told no other rooms were available .
several of my colleagues , staying for the same period but having made no `` quiet '' request , were given rooms on the 10th and 11th floors , not street-facing .
i was kept awake the entire saturday night by rowdy drinkers on the street below my window , and every other night was woken up between 3 and 4 am by garbage and recycling trucks .
i strongly advise requesting a room on 10th or 11th floors not facing the street , but unfortunately no guarantees that the hotel will honour this request .
on checking out , the receptionist asked how my stay was - on telling her , the response was `` oh , so sorry about that , would you like to register for our frequent stayer programme ?
'' !
3 .
for two days of the conference , our group hired a meeting room in the hotel .
the aircon was so cold that several of us had to stand around the periphery of the room in order to avoid the jets of freezing air on our heads and shoulders , which were so powerful as to be painful .
despite repeated requests to the hotel , this issue was not dealt with .
if these three issues had not arisen , i would have rated the hotel as four or five stars .
unfortunately , the issues very much spoilt my experience of this hotel .
