the hotel is near the station ( also good for groups ) .
as an accorhotel gold card holder , i should get an upgrade which , in this hotel , means a cathedral view or a bigger corner room .
however , a cathedral view has meant a view of cranes and building site noise .
this time , i had a quiet 'prison view ' but , in december , it hardly matters .
the small room had various welcoming touches , but i do not know what are regular and what are for cardholders .
a novelty was an hdtv with an impressive range of world-wide channels , including for brits ( less so for francophones ) .
i also liked the immediate access to channels without having to go through a tedious menu , including trying to sell me porno .
to breakfast .
at entry , the employee 's sole function was to score me off her list .
inside , staff were busying themselves like robots , avoiding eye contact .
after two circuits , when the only available places had been opposite other singles , i saw a place and noted that the guest who had been sitting opposite was not at the buffet , so i quickly went for an orange juice to lay claim to the place .
then i went back for a cereal , a roll and a pastry ( there was no choice of pastries ) .
by the end of the cereal , i had to wave for attention to order coffee .
then i went for a fruit salad , and returned to find my place swept away , including my newspaper ( an english-language ft - the only plus point ) .
of course , the staff tried to retrieve the situation , but why was i given only ten minutes for breakfast in the first place ?
on the way out , i passed coffee tables for a seminar .
i had also noted that the room had emptied by the time my place was swept away , in other words there were groups .
this is the third time in a row in german-austrian accor hotels ( sofitel hamburg , mgallery vienna ) that i have been given the push in favour of groups .
the regular price of this breakfast is €24 ( !
) but my inclusive price was €17 .
despite having paid in advance , the next day i went to the café reichard opposite the cathedral where breakfast is brought to you for a fraction of the price ( there is also a buffet ) .
alternatively , if you like a choice of pastries , there is a nearby starbucks .
