stayed at this newly-renovated hotel for a conference .
got turned-off at the start because of bland food and very slow check-in .
i was scheduled to check-in at 2pm , but it was not until 4+pm that i got my room .
i had reserved earlier that my wife would be staying as well , but when i got to the room , there were only one pair of slippers , one toothbrush , etc .
maybe i was having a really great day that i did n't actually mind or made a big fuss about it , but the next day , i felt the sincerity of the hotel management team , when they sent an apology letter and some complimentary fruits and wine .
i believe they are sincere in making things right and they have earned my respect .
the room is spacious with enough lamps to brighten it .
you need to use your key card to access the elevators and the electricity , but the insert location is at an angle that 's very awkward .
the bed is also good , nice , comfortable , enough pillows , and cozy blanket .
really slept well .
breakfast is buffet-style and is good .
although not as varied as other hotels , but i feel the food they serve is enough .
a lot of choices might not be always be good anyway .
they serve filipino ; japanese in the form of sashimi ( which by the way , has the freshest ingredients that you can really taste its freshness ) and maki ; chinese in the form of dimsum and noodle soups , spanish in the form of arroz caldo , potatoes , and fritatas ; western with bacon and sausages ; healthy with yogurt , oatmeal , fruits , and muesli .
they also serve freshly squeezed and prepared juices , while serving the tastiest breads in town .
i like the croissant very much because i have tried many and very few can make it as flaky .
the breakfast definitely countered my bland lunch the day before .
the best thing i probably like in this hotel is the service .
the staffs are very friendly and respectful , and will assist you to the best of their abilities until you are safe and happy .
everyone from the reception desk to the toilets , their bright smiles and courteous hellos will bright up anyone 's day .
the room service and housekeeping were prompt and friendly as well .
i enjoyed staying here and hope to have the chance to stay again .
