according to some of the reviews , it is a 8min walk walk from farmosa boulevard mrt station , however , not recommended to walk with luggage .
the roads are uneven , the mrt exit closest to the hotel only had steps . . .
happy lugging your luggage up the steps .
we did get an initial shock when we arrived at the hotel and saw what looked like a lobby area but dilapidated and not in use .
do not panic , the hotel lobby is right next door around the corner facing the side road .
pluseswe had a elite suite , which has a queen size bed and a single bed , and a 2 seater sofa in the living room area + a study table area .
generally a sizable room .
bathroom was n't large but adequate .
great loccitane toiletries and we asked for an extra set and they were happy to accommodate .
powerpoints - more than plentiful .
i counted 8 sets of double powerpoints .
front desk staff was really helpful .
i forgot my luggage key , called the hotel and they brought it down to the lobby while we got the cabby to swing back to the hotelthe restaurant looks like a nice retro place , with a few nooks and crannies turned into private dining areas .
very chic .
breakfast wise , if u 're into taiwanese breakfast , there 's a decent selection but if you 're into western breakfast , there 's very limited selection available .
location was relatively great , 10mins walk down a shopping stretch towards the sanduo direction , and liuhe night market was 5mins walk from the hotel ( there 's a awesome fried chou doufu store at the furthest end of the market ( furthest away from the hotel ) 1st store when u get in the market run by 2 ladies ) minuses hotel room was n't the cleanest - sheets were of low quality and old , there were stains on both bed sheets , the entire floor was dusty . . .
and that was based on walking atiubd in the brand new bedroom slippers they provided .
windows were all open when we checked in . . .
strangethe tv was a swivel tv that turned from living room side to bedroom side .
but it was all dusty , as i placed my phone ( with case ) to charge and i could literally feel the dust !
the housekeeping staff seems to not know what they were doing very much .
they were not even in uniform .
and it also explains the amount of dust in the room.
