what a strange combination of mostly pros and a few small cons . . .
but good value and i may well go back .
this hotel is so close to man picc ( platforms 13 and 14 particularly ) that it is almost bizarre -- but very convenient .
it must have triple glazing and fabulous foundations because i neither heard nor felt any of the disturbance you would normally expect from such proximity -- and i 'm a sensitive sleeper .
rooms have huge panoramic windows -- ok , who wants a panoramic view of platform 13 ?
-- but if you 're lounging on the bed and have a panoramic view of sky and far-off countryside , it 's rather nice .
rooms are huge , bathroom has large walk-in shower ( my preference -- but if you like a bath you 'd be disappointed ) .
connected spa has superb decleor essential oil treatments and beauty therapist jade was excellent .
now for the negatives : restaurant is badly underlit , even at breakfast ; i was actually glad i 'd had a room service meal as i could see it better !
food is fine but overpriced , especially room service 5 pounds 'tray charge ' !
breakfast is buffet , adequate , but the cheese looked as if it had been sitting out there for ages and when i asked for toast i got a whopping two slices .
reminded me of chintzy german places where you get your 2 bread rolls and no more .
not what i 'd expect in england .
equally odd , no marmelade on the tables despite those little holders for mini-jam jars .
the marmelade was on the buffet and whisked away from me after i 'd taken a portion . strange .
despite being a spa and hotel , the bathroom is only stocked with two titchy smellies : one shampoo , one bath gel -- no conditioner , no lotion -- and not even by a recognisable make .
chizz .
spa is oddly connected to hotel by mazelike stairs and corridors , hard to find and hard to leave .
all in all , an enjoyable stay and very good value especially if you book a package or special offer .
very convenient for me as i had lots of local trips to make that all came back through man picc -- so i stayed overnight and spent the next morning having spa treatments .
decadent and really gave me a good break .
