location , location , location , as they say .
about 30 minutes plus by bus from central hiroshima on a peninsula with a high speed ferry to miyajima ( not jr pass ) this suited our trip just fine .
from the station we took the hotels free shuttle bus .
having queued patiently with around a dozen other first timers we were surprised that as soon as the bus arrived lots of others came to the bus and formed what is best described as a scrum to get on the bus .
a guide from the hotel sorted out the problem as there were more passengers than seats , but an extra bus was found so everyone got to the hotel .
next we had checkin .
there were half a dozen desk clerks but the checkin process is thorough rather than speedy so we had to wait our turn ( perhaps 30 minutes ) .
as we were paying cash we had to leave a deposit over and above the cost of the room which was refunded at checkout .
we had booked a basic room , which was just fine .
it was clean , comfortable and ( for japan ) surprisingly large .
there was no view , but we knew that and only planned to use the room to sleep .
we were a little travel weary but went to the top floor bar , there after a single drink ( y800 ) our spirits lifted as we drank in the panoramic view across the bay to the city lights of hiroshima .
the next morning we used the high speed ferry to mayajima .
on our final morning we needed to leave early so we took the service bus which runs frequently from 7am ( y280 ) to hiroshima station .
the hotel is large with a multitude of restaurants , bars , spa services etc .
there is a convenience store open until 11pm in the lobby .
prices are reasonable .
the room itself was large with tea making facilities bath with shower attachment ( a little old fashioned ) and comfortable bed .
the wifi was a little flaky at times .
there were plenty of lifts so we never had to wait more than a few seconds to travel between floors .
although we speak no japanese the staff were helpful throughout our stay ( even finding a lost hat ) .
for the price we paid the hotel represented excellent value and we were more than happy with our stay .
