the hotel 's website booking system is a joke .
you can not book a room through the website without printing out a request and writing your credit card on it and faxing/emailing it to the hotel again .
that is , the info and credit card information you typed in on the website is close to nothing . . .
this kind of low-tech is unbelievable .
nice view to the lake except that a bnb blocks in front of the hotel .
staffs are friendly .
hired many staffs at the lobby for reception but many of them did not have a clue that i also needed to check in after i entered into the lobby from the parking garage and i waited for 15-20 mins to be served at the lobby .
during the wait , while others would be served with a welcome drink and a tart , i had to ask for a welcome drink by myself , which is very unprofessional in my view .
the service in the lobby is simply inefficient at all .
i appreciated the fact that many staffs were there to serve but apparently there is something wrong with the whole process .
our room was a a corner with a lake view ( which costs more ) is fine .
but a hotel charges this price should be better , in terms of the amenities and other appliances offered in the room .
the water park downstairs is good for children and family but it is not an outdoor area which allows you to enjoy the sun .
the `` ensen '' area next door is very disappointing because there is no view to outside at all .
our family used to go to yilan hotel royal and enjoyed the half open air ensen very much .
fleur de chine in this regard is way behind hotel royal .
i spent almost three hours to sun moon lake not only for the ensen but also for the lake view but fleur de chine is disappointingly fail to provide both .
this means the costs and benefits of staying at this hotel should be reconsidered .
people who do not like group tourists should avoid this hotel as well .
there are simply too many group tourists here .
the buffet has been paid attention to .
but the pasta is a joke .
it is simply distasteful .
they gave me a can of tea as an apology for my wait at the lobby but again , i must say , the staffs are not the ones to be blamed but the managers or the ceo who should be responsible for the check-in process and training .
