stayed here for several nights while having business meetings in taipei .
the hotel is just next to da'an park subway station and , yes , directly opposite the da'an forest park .
the location is convenient because you can get to lots of places using the subway .
the park is a nice place for a walk , and also reduces the feeling of being in the midst of a concrete jungle .
i stayed in a `` standard room with one queen bed , park view '' .
i asked for a room on a higher floor , and they gave me one that 's just below the top floor .
the view from the room was really nice , i could see the entire da'an forest park ( which is a huge park ) from the window , and the greenery really made me feel like i was n't in the middle of a city .
the size of the room was relatively small , though still with enough space around the bed .
the room was nicely decorated : the side tables , the table , the wardrobe were all of antique wood style .
the bed was comfortable .
apart from the bed , there 's also a reclining couch next to the big window .
the bathroom ( spacious enough , with a bath tub and a shower ) has a big window that you can look out ( or look in , depending on your point of view ) ; though you can indeed close the window .
breakfast is the typical chinese style breakfast ( porridge , soup , vegetables ) that most hotels in taiwan serve , with addition of scrambled eggs , sausages , ham , toast , fruits , coffee and tea .
the selection is adequate though not great .
they only start serving breakfast at 7am , which is kind of late .
internet connect was generally good , though occasionally the routers seem to be unable to connect to the internet ; i .
e .
you 're able to connect to the hotel 's wifi , but there 's no onward connection to the internet .
this can be an inconvenience , especially when i needed to get work done but unable to reach the internet .
the hotel staff were friendly , even the house-keeping ladies .
overall , i 've enjoyed my stay , and would definitely stay at this hotel again .
