what 's great ?
a .
the room sizes - this was one of the original timeshares built by marriott and the rooms were approx 1500-1700 sq feet - very spacious , all 2 bedrooms which with tweens/teens , their room is 'down the hall ' so parents can really feel like they have some space .
b .
access to jw marriott - we use marriott timeshare properties 8-10 wks a year so having access to the jw marriott was phenomenal to feel like you 're away form the timeshare environment .
we were there for 4th of july weekend and the pool was buzzing - felt like we were in south beach .
got a cabana ( $ 300 min ) but affords dedicated service to you all day .
spa services top notch ( adult only ) .
shuttle service requires patience so plan to drive . . .
so what do you need to be concious of in booking the property. .
b ) it 's the desert .
it was very hot , we had a cockroach in our room and their response was 'this is the desert ' - really ?
they said they 'd come spray the next day with orkin services but no note was ever left indicating the service was performed .
thankfully we only 'saw ' one , but it was huge .
c ) if you 're handicap highly consider staying on ground level , there 's no elevators and getting service is very limited staff ( they sent women to help carry luggage - really ?
) , got no help with groceries after calling 15 min in advance for service d ) property is very large - you will drive or shuttle bus to pools and kids room ; unless your children are old enough to walk/shuttle alone - 7 pools avail but approx 5 are size of 'backyard pools ' - one is full service with bar that had good food and drink specials from 3-5pm .
golfer heaven $ 39 regardless of time of day !
property has cool movie theatre we actually took advantage of as some days it was just too hot ( which they had night time movie - latest was 530 ) .
concierge , sarah was amazing - feel free to call her prior to arrival for any assistance .
she 's very knowledgeable and helpful - probably one of the best i 've seen of any marriott time share we 've stayed at ; and they do n't have her in dual role of trying to get you to do a presentation - she 's truly there to be a conceirge which was great .
some items were n't working in hotel room - one of the gas burners , the dishwasher was n't great condition but overall the property is very well maintained and the rooms are very nice - spacious and rennovated .
would defintely go back for # 1/ # 2 reason of room size & jw marriott access .
and i 'm now at enclaves marriott and can clearly say i 'd select desert springs i as first choice .
( note desert springs ii does n't have jw access - they offer free tennis ) . . .
