i should start with the worst feature : the breakfast , which has to be one of the worst breakfasts that i have experienced in many decades of international travel .
i see all the rave reviews on tripadviser from people who were at weddings here and i can only say that they either had a special breakfast - or maybe slept through it !
cereal options are : cornflakes ; coco pops or weetabix .
toast ( when you eventually get it ) was from very cheap bread .
cooked breakfast served from heated pans : poor quality sausages/bacon ; eggs can be hard-boiled or very rubbery scrambled egg - the tomatoes and beans were harmless .
milk full fat only .
coffee in jugs on hot plate - and there for some time !
no fresh fruit or fruit salad , just tinned peaches in syrup .
staff were enthusiastic and tried to be helpful but were hopelessly disorganised .
when we first checked into our room , it felt damp but any smell was overpowered by a scent-dispenser on full blast in the hallway .
once we had turned it off , you could smell the musty smell .
i 'm not sure whether this was just poor ventilation in the bathroom - the mirror quickly got steamed up and did n't clear for some time - but i think it was actually rising damp .
no apparent mould on walls , carpet or bed .
we also found very quickly that the walls were incredibly thin and that when our neighbours switched on something they had plugged into a socket , it felt like they were in the room with us .
thankfully , they must have just fallen into bed when they got in that evening or we would certainly have been kept awake .
a few small things : when the tea-making facilities were topped up , they forgot to replenish the plastic milk servings .
they also took away our 1-day-old soap ( which i thought a bit wasteful - but then did n't give us a new one , either !
they also managed to double-book us , once on the groupon voucher and once as a credit card booking .
positives ?
the staff tried hard and were very pleasant .
they were happy to recommend a pub for a pub meal - the fox and hounds in lyng - but actually we wished we had tried the hotel restaurant as the fox and hounds served imaginative menus but woefully overcooked vegetables and fish drowned in oil .
other positive points about the hotel were that the beer ( adnams southwold bitter ) was good and they had a good range of malt whiskies .
the weddings that we saw on the friday and saturday nights looked to be enjoyed by those who were there : other reviewers seem to say that the hotel manages weddings well , which astonishes me , given their inability to either cook or serve breakfast .
we wo n't be back !
