we stayed here on a stopover with emirates on our way to hong kong .
we had to pay for three nights although actually only in the hotel for two of those nights . . . .
( we arrived very early one morning in time for breakfast and did not check out until the afternoon of third day ) .
although it cost considerably more for this it was well worth it , as we needed a couple of hours sleep before heading off to explore old dubai .
first impressions of the hotel is that it 's a bit dated and in a very busy area with lots of traffic , however it soon grows on you and adds to the character of the visit .
the rooms are more than adequate with everything you need and the staff are very friendly and helpful .
breakfast had a good spread with plenty choice and excellent service .
special mention must go to the concierge `` situ '' who was very helpful with planning a day out , much appreciated .
other concierge staff also help with printing out boarding cards .
the redeeming feature of this hotel is it 's location when on a stopover , not far from the airport ( we used the hotel shuttle service but a taxi would have been quicker and cheaper ) and very central to explore the souks that are a short and inexpensive ferry trip across the creek .
the dubai museum is directly across from the hotel and well worth a visit .
( big bus ticket gives free entry , although very cheap anyway ) .
we took the big bus tour one day , which was arduous , as it 's three different loops with stops at each connection , so to complete the whole tour which i would recommend mean spending almost a whole day on the buses . . . . . . .
leave early in the morning .
it was however well worth it for anyone like us who have not been to dubai for many , many years to have the opportunity to see everything . recommended .
we ate at a couple of restaurants at the side of the creek both nights , ( near the heritage house on the map ) .
this was excellent as you can watch all the dhows sailing past with lights blazing with people on dining trips .
cool breeze , atmospheric , not expensive and recommended .
we also walked to the far end of the creek one day and walked under the creek through the foot tunnel and then along to the gold souk etc .
then got the ferry back across .
in summary , a well positioned hotel , slightly dated but with excellent staff .
would not hesitate to return if doing a stopover again .
