visiting friends at uc irvine , we selected this hotel nearby .
our second floor room had a spacious king bed and since it is a new ( open < 1 year ) hotel , everything in the rooms and its facilities is spic and span clean .
we opted to use the stairs more often than the elevator since it was faster -- the stair hallways have that new plaster smell that i imagine will fade as time passes .
overall , it was an excellent value and we found the location great for us -- not too far from the beaches and coast , easy to get to highway 5 to head to la or san diego , and there are a few large shopping complexes with restaurants nearby .
housekeeping always did a good job .
initially there was no remote for the tv and we could n't open the tv manually so called the front desk and we received a remote soon after .
only minor issue : the thin walls , esp .
if the people in the next room speak loudly .
one morning we could listen in on their conversation as if they were in the same room .
the rest of the time we did n't have any other issues .
good : free parking , internet , and breakfast -for orange county , finding a hotel with free parking is rare .
yes , the location near business complexes and not the beaches lends itself to free parking , but most other oc hotels charge for parking even if they 're nowhere near major attractions .
as we stayed on a holiday weekend ( july 4th ) , many children and large families were there on the first few days .
get to breakfast early or it will be hard to get some food .
the staff did their best to always replenish everything from food to the condiments such as syrup , peanut butter , marmalade , etc .
on tuesday morning , most people already checked out and the breakfast room was a calmer experience .
the internet access was very good .
the pool is a tad small , but it 's indoors and probably heated .
saw kids using it .
we used the gym-max of 10 people it said , but we were always the only ones there .
they have two professional gym quality treadmills , two ellipticals , one cycling machine , one balance ball , and a lot of free weights and a weight bench press/chair .
highly recommend this hotel for its value and what it offers ; might reconsider another place if it 's a popular holiday weekend and tons of kids with parents in tow ( that 's the way it looks rather than parents keeping their kids in check ) heading to disneyland are staying here .
it will probably have lots of business people during the week and tourists on the weekends with their nightly rates .
