i stayed here twice in one week , both saturday nights , at the beginning and end of a trip .
after landing and picking up my rental car it was easy to find the hotel on paradise rd .
i was travelling solo and i 've been to vegas a few times so i was n't bothered about being on the strip .
on my first stay , i got a suite on the 11th floor , it was huge , and more than large enough for me .
king bed , kitchenette , lounge , two tvs , nice large bathroom .
it could certainly do with some updating , but other than that , it was fine .
the front desk were busy , five pm on a saturday , but they worked efficiently through the crowd and were doing it with a friendly smile .
i was told about the managers reception- free drinks and snacks for two hours in the evening , and the free cooked to order breakfast in the morning .
i did n't take advantage of either though as i headed straight to bed for an early start in the morning .
a week later , and as my itinerary had changed slightly , i found myself back in vegas a day earlier than planned .
saturday night and i had nothing booked !
a quick look on the internet showed that last minute deals were non existent , and many of the on strip hotels were $ 350+ for the night .
i spied the embassy again and it was only $ 129-bargain !
i checked in at around the same time on the saturday evening , again it was busy , but the front desk team were keeping the queue moving and having lots of banter and laughter with the guests checking in .
i like this !
hotel check in can be a cold and monotonous process but the staff that saturday evening ( 21 sep ) were on top form and a real credit to the hotel .
my suite was on the 5th floor this time,521 , the only difference from the previous week was that this room had a balcony .
unfortunately , when i went for a shower , i discovered mould in the runner for the sliding shower door .
apart from that the bathroom was spotless .
i guess it 's a difficult place to keep clean , but i noticed it straight away , which means that housekeeping can see it also .
overall , this hotel is okay .
i would n't recommend it for first time visitors to vegas as , although the strip is walkable in 20 mins , the hotel sits in a slightly run down area .
there were a few characters about at night !
but if you 're looking for a quiet budget option away from the strip , with staff that go the extra mile , then it 's ideal .
