quest gordon placelikeable building to look at and room 42 spacious albeit the smaller bedroom is a cozy double and the apartment dark .
bedding clean , beds comfortable and adequate cooking utensils .
good location near chinatown with plenty of restaurants in area .
now the problems , no lock on bathroom door - not ideal when two couples are renting , tumble drier did n't work - only found it out after the 2nd load of washing put on , only two towels provided for four people , internet connection not the best and it took many attempts to get it to work as cable broken and verbal instructions provided not clear .
one member of staff staff working early evening not helpful at all about tumble drier even to the extent of trying to joke about it .
however , we managed to get drier working by taking some clothes out , so obviously it has a weight problem !
now , if you happen to have a car with you be prepared for some frustrations .
car parking as advertised is in an adjacent public car park .
getting in was fine and on departure , you take your ticket to reception to get a discount exit ticket .
fine so far .
original entry ticket put in garage 's machine tells you the price , the 2nd one provides discount , allegedly !
first attempt resulted in error message on both machines for 2nd ticket so return to hotel .
receptionist comes with me with another 2nd ticket which also does n't work so he presses assistance button explains who he is and i am asked to put in $ 20 . success .
2nd night , return after midnight and try to move car at about 10pm the following night .
same procedure , this time i try the assistance button but that does n't result in anything except a request to get the hotel to ring .
they try , but ca n't get through - saying that it will be sorted out tomorrow .
i am advised to go to a different hotel on the car park 's street to sort it out but it is not clear what they will do .
on departure the next day , the same problem but this time a car park staff member , it is monday , helps and allows me out for $ 40 .
she says that new discount vouchers have been issued to the hotel and they are still using the old ones but hotel says they are using the new ones .
obviously a communication problem between the two .
oh , and the lights were all out when we returned after midnight after a visit to phillip island and the penguins .
luckily we were able to locate the trip switch !
the above said , it is a convenient and comfortable hotel in the central cbd .
