pre-booking information & check-in & check-out : booked via booking.com and the hotel was prompt and responsive to our emails and queries in the run up to our arrival .
check-in was a particularly positive experience .
we were expecting to get in during day light hours but got delayed getting in and it was past 10 pm when we got to the hotel .
of course we called them and explained the situation to them and they arranged for the keys to be available and told us exactly how we can get in to the hotel through the security door and settle into our room .
for some reason i had to call the manager 'ca n't remember his name unfortunately ' and at that late hour he took the call and spoke to me without a glimmer of irritation or frustration at being bothered that late .
the place as we came to find out is reflective of this this warm and welcoming attitude of the people who run it .
location & transport connections to key attractions and travel hubs : airport connectivity - we drove through most of switzerland and grindelwald was mid-way on our journey so ca n't comment on how to get to here , by air .
we drove to interlarken a few times while we stayed at grindelwald so assuming interlarken has an airport , then that’s the closest airport .
trains/ metro/ tram/ taxi- the train station is literally within 100 meters from the hotel and we took the train to jungfrau from here .
this is the last ( top most ) train stop in grindelwald .
to get here you need to go through grindelwald grund , that is a bigger station lower down the mountain and that is where you need to switch over to trains for various other places .
attractions we’ll other than a bunch of bars and restaurants , and a great view of the eiger there is not much else to do in grindelwald .
it’s a small town in the mountain .
food at and around the hotel : not too many options but we drove to various surrounding towns for meals so we didn’t feel a lack of options .
the hotel serves up a pretty good buffet breakfast which we opted for on all days that we were staying in grindelwald .
the room ( s ) itself : cozy and clean room !
our room was a triple room .
i think most rooms facing the main street have a balcony with chairs and a table if you wish to sit outside and enjoy the stunning view of the eiger .
we did !
with a bottle of wine .
something you ca n't pre-plan but it just worked out perfectly .
i 've put up some photos of the room .
other aspects worth a mention : wifi was ok .
worked for basic requirements like maps , quick googling , etc .
