end of november i stayed together with my wife for one week in this beautiful place .
the whole guesthouse is so beautiful , it is amazing .
we had the banana penthouse suite and i do n't think i ever had a room so big and so nicely equipped and what a great view !
monika and banana are excellent hosts and know extremely well how to treat their guests and how to make them feel at home .
we felt very much at home and will surely come back again .
our room had a floorspace of approx .
200 sq meter with a swing bed , a 4 poster daybed , several sitting areas ( sun / shade / stars etc .
) , a nice dinner table where we had our meals , and a room inside the room serving as the bedroom .
the bathroom is simple but has a good shower , clean toilet and amazingly you can drink water from the tap .
it is difficult to describe all since the room has so many lovely small and larger items , such a great eye for detail , but the banana house website shows some good pictures .
the house itself is located in the beautiful and relaxing town shela .
a town where you are taken back 50 years ago , but with all the things you need .
do not expect western luxury but do expect extremely friendly people , beautiful beaches , fresh fish and lots of lovely donkeys since there are no cars on the island !
you can have all your meals at the house , they have an excellent cook that prepares whatever you feel like .
or be lucky like we were and catch your own meal and have it prepared by the cook .
we also took a trip with a nice african style sailing boat with crew and went snorkeling while the crew prepared a nice seafood lunch on the boat .
and we took a small boat across to manda island and had lunch at one of the restaurants there .
also we went to lamu town by boat for some shopping and a nice lunch at the lamu house .
saadi will help you out with all your bookings , thanks saadi for your help !
or just relax with a nice massage from monica ( with a c ) .
combine this with daily yoga practice and one can easily say this is true wellness for the mind .
while we were there we took the art of living course which we found a great combination for our trip .
and i almost forgot to mention the sunset drinks at peponi hotel , legendary and just around the corner .
thanks monika and banana for a wonderful time !
