the hotel 's location is about 30 minutes with no traffic ( an hour at peak times ) from the zona t , usaquen or la candelaria , so factor that into the equation when making plans to go out for dinner or dancing or sightseeing .
the shuttle service from the airport , however , is a fantastic amenity ( a courteous meet and greet and very frequent service ) which compensates for the hotel 's out-of-the-way location in bogota .
quality restaurants in the area of the hotel are extremely limited or non-existent ( unless buffalo wings is your ideal restaurant ) and note , in particular , the hotel staff could not think of any place to eat local food in the area ( without the 30 minute drive across town ) .
exhausted one day , we ended up eating dinner at pimento ( the italian restaurant in the lobby that does a couple of colombian dishes as well ) .
we were fortunate enough to meet the chef who agreed to prepare some colombian dishes specially for us that evening .
we had a great arroz con camarones which should be on the menu .
the executive lounge ended up being the most disappointing aspect of the hotel .
there is an allowance of 2 drinks per day ( or something like that ) and every day by 7 pm they ran out of white wine and refused to restock .
it was a huge drama to get them to obtain a bottle from downstairs .
it is not acceptable to be unable to accommodate a guest that just wants a glass of wine at the end of the day , especially when the hotel limits the flow .
what you need to know about the fitness facility : there is a surprisingly good fitness facility below the hotel .
extremely clean and modern .
equipment is all technogym .
3 cross-trainers , 5 treadmills , 1 cardio wave , 2 recumbent bikes , a smith rack and bench with a total of 137 .
5 kg of weight ( 4 plates of 20 , etc .
) , very light dumbbells up to 10kg , some small swiss balls and a few machines such as a leg curl and a leg extension .
there is a small but very nice lap pool , a jacuzzi and a steam room .
the gym staff do tend to hover annoyingly near you as you exercise , but they are nice .
lastly , as others have noted , they charge iva even though foreigners are not liable for this charge .
when pushed on this , they put the burden on the customer to claim it back from the colombian authorities - yeah , right .
they need to fix this .
