this is a very nice hotel - very clean and new , with lovely staff , but a few teething problems .
it is located a way up soi 20 , and is about 1 .
5km walk from the asok bts .
plenty close enough if fit , but my recovering busted leg made it an issue - but they had a tuk-tuk shuttle , except 2 days it was out of action , so i had to hobble or take a motorbike taxi .
the area is great , with convenience stores across the way , local laundry ( as usual , about 1/5 the price of the hotel laundry ) , and plenty of good local restaurants options .
check-in is nice and efficient , and then up to the rooms .
room is a bit small , but i am used to the bigger budget hotels , and there was only a shower but no bath ( i expect a bath when the room description says `` bathroom '' - otherwise it should say shower only ) .
wall mounted tv which i dont like - i always feel like i am in bed watching a power point , small work desk - too small if you are on business and need to spread things around .
a real comfy bed , but messed up by some kind of gimmiky stupid pillow that is gigantic , folds in the middle , and way too hard to use as proper pillow on one section , and too big to use as a proper pillow if you use the soft section - hard to describe , but we threw them off the bed because they were an annoyance that simply took up way too much of the bed .
service was hit and miss .
first day we left the room 0815 , lit up the `` make up room '' sign and the cleaners were outside the room as we left - but we came back at 3pm and the room still had not been cleaned and the `` make up room '' sign was still on .
one day we were woken up at 0630 am by shouting ( not angry , just loud talking ) right outside out door - i had to get up after 15 minutes and ask the staff , who were doing something outside the next door room , to shut up and keep quiet .
breakfast was well prepared with a decent selection .
well worth the extra few bux on the bill .
great noodle baso soup .
price - i booked about 2 months ahead on booking.com and got 110 usd pn including breakfast , which is about the same price as the a-listers ( e .
g .
pullman , westin grand ) excluding breakfast in the same area .
these hotels are much nicer , bigger rooms , better lcoations , but you will pay 130-140usd with breakfast , so the novotel , over a week , makes qute a saving .
overall , nice hotel , few teething problems , but worth the money .
