on a visa run from rak my wife & i decided to stay over here for 1 x night .
the hotel is located only 30kms from the uae border and we reached the hotel after a short drive along the coast road .
perched on a cliff the hotel offers excellent views of the arabian gulf .
the first room they gave us ( 417 ) is located right at the end of the corridor .
the room was very hot as the a/c was not working very well , there was no fridge provided and the remote control for the tv was missing ! !
something that you would expect the housekeeping to have known ! !
anyway , we moved to another room ( 312 ) which was in the middle of the corridor so it benefited from a/c on both sides as well as in the room .
there were 2 x double beds , a small desk , fridge with drinks and snacks and there was a wall mounted tv .
a sliding door led to the balcony which had chairs and table and a fantastic view out to sea .
it was too hot to use in august but i could imagine sitting there in the winter months will be amazing .
the bathroom was nice with a walk in shower , basin and toilet .
after a quick wash we headed to the bar for pre-dinner drinks .
the 'darts ' bar ( open from 6pm ) is a small bar with a pool table , darts board and a tv with sports channels .
the selection of beers and wines is ok and the pricing very reasonable .
after drinks we headed to the restaurant which is also small with a view overlooking the swimming pool .
the menu provides a good selection of local , asian and european food .
my wife selected the goan prawn curry and i had the the makhani chicken .
my wife says it is one of the best currys she has ever had , i had to agree .
the service was good and we really enjoyed our meal .
next morning we had the buffet breakfast which also provided the usual breakfast choices .
other than the filter coffee which is horrid , everything else is well presented and also we had a nice breakfast .
to conclude , this hotel provides a 3 star , unpretentious experience and a good place to stop for a meal or a short overnight stay .
any longer than a couple of nights would probably not be so pleasurable .
