i booked some flights to gothenburg for a quick city break , only realising after i 'd booked that it was the weekend of the gothenburg half-marathon and hotels were pretty much sold out in the centre .
i booked this place through hostelworld , as it seemed to be easily accessible from the centre by tram and was also close to the docks area on the north side of the river which is being regenerated .
i had an early flight from london , so arrived into the central station area by 10am .
i looked at the directions from the hotel website detailing the tram numbers that go past their stop and noticed it was n't actually that far so decided to walk as it was lovely weather .
it took me about 25 minutes to walk over the bridge and get to the hotel , good to know if i got stuck out in town late at night .
i stopped for a bite to eat near the hotel , so actually arrived there just after 12pm hoping to leave my bag and come back to check-in later .
luckily my room was ready so i was shown straight to it .
although it 's a hostel/hotel the interior decor is fine ( and currently being refreshed ) and it does n't have a cheap feel .
i could only get an 'economy ' room which meant i did n't have an en-suite bathroom and had to walk down the corridor to use the showers .
the room was quite compact and was a corner room which meant it had plenty of light but as you 're on the ground floor people walking past can see right inside .
this means you keep the curtains closed , although they 're quite thin so it 's still quite light inside .
there is a good size flat screen tv in the room , along with a mini fridge for storing drinks and a good size wadrobe and drawers .
the shower rooms were a walk down the corridor , and there are 6 separate showers and all were kept nice and clean in the busy times in the mornings .
the breakfast is included and consists of some cereals , along with some breads and cold meat along with coffee or tea .
certainly plenty to set you up for the morning .
the tea/coffee machine is on throughout the day , so you can go in and help yourself whenever you want .
there is free wi-fi throughout the hotel , and i had no problems with it and the speed was good .
staff were helpful and gave me a good basic plan of things to see for a first timer in gothenburg .
there 's a good value thai restaurant around teh corner and also an italian place on the same block that 's also quite cheap .
overall i 'd have no problem staying here again , a good value choice and not too far from the centre .
