we had a junior suite - 501 which could accommodate 4 .
( we were only a 2 ) .
501 is very quiet as it is the only room on that side of the hotel ; has a view back up the slope behind the hotel but not down over the front , but as we were n't there much when it was daytime this did not bother us .
the rooms have loads of storage .
wifi just works all over the hotel .
as others have said the only english tv channels are news .
there are free on demand movies but a number would not work .
the main buffet style restaurant is excellent , allowing you to have what you want cooked how you like it for both dinner and breakfast .
we ate twice in the `` les enfants terrible '' restaurant which the hotel probably should advertise a bit more ; the food was excellent and an allowance of 60euro per head if on half board pretty much covered eating in here .
a much classier ambience .
spa is nice if slightly over-run by noisy and badly behaved children ; more of an issue the world over than a fault of the hotel .
we both had excellent massages in the spa too .
now the only negative ; even by apls prices , the drinks are a rip off ; 37 euro for a glass of prosecco and a gin and tonic ?
madness .
a few too many people with too much money pay it but i cant help feeling the bar would be busier if the prices wee more sensible .
ditto having to spend over 100 euro to park in the hotel for the week seemed a bit steep on top of what we were paying to stay there .
the staff were all incredibly helpful , and nothing was too much trouble .
ski hire in the hotels own hire place matched the drinks sadly - i dont mind a small premium for the ease - but waling 100m got my skis at sport 2000 for 80 euro rather than the hotel price over more than 200 . . .
overall we loved the hotel , ski in ski out , the room and the staff .
we just felt the price of drinks and incidentals got silly very quickly and took the edge off it .
sadly i suspect there are enough people who just pay it. .
that aside , we will be back !
