we 're fairly regular visitors to cochem due to proximity to the nurburgring , and last stayed in this hotel back in 2008 .
we were able to book `` classic double room with balcony '' in advance this time .
the hotel is located above a bustling cake shop , which closes quite early in the evening , so noise is not an issue .
the hotel is in a prime position in cochem , just away from the centre but on the river .
check-in was very easy , and because we 're familiar with the area , were able to get parked up easily to unload the suitcases and then put the car in the multi-storey ( a couple of minutes walk ) .
our rooms were on the 2nd floor , both with a lovely little balcony ( complete with blooming flower box ) overlooking the river and castle .
no air-conditioning due to the age of the building , but we knew that when we booked it .
the rooms were a nice size with large and comfortable bed , and looked like they had recently been modernised .
the bathroom was also fresh and modern .
everything was very clean .
we were asked at check-in if we needed a wifi code , and for how many devices .
the wifi was spotty , but not unexpected in an older building .
the breakfast was good , lots of choice including some sausage , bacon and egg along with a good continental selection including gorgeous warm pastries - not a surprise when they have a cake shop !
we were due to leave early on saturday morning , so on friday night asked if we could pay up in advance , and when the hotelier learned we wanted to leave to catch the eurotunnel , unprompted asked if we wanted an early breakfast , to which we said yes please .
breakfast is from 8am , and we said we 'd be down for 7 .
30am .
we actually ran a little early and got downstairs as just gone 7 .
15am and to our surprise , the full breakfast buffet was just about out , and the hotelier was waiting for us to see if we wanted tea or coffee .
we were just expecting a couple of breadrolls with a bit of cheese and meat , not the full buffet !
we really appreciated this .
we would certainly stay here again .
