this is a very nice hotel with large public spaces and outstanding service .
staff are exceptionally gracious and go far beyond what is asked for to accommodate guests .
my room was comfortable but the bathroom needed updating although the heated towel rack was much appreciated in dublin’s damp weather .
there was a tub with rain shower but no separate shower stall so entering and exiting the shower required climbing over a high tub .
my room had plenty of lighting , a large desk and comfortable easy chairs .
in-room wifi was fast and reliable .
there is nightly turn down service .
breakfast was above average with a buffet of fruit , yogurt and breads and a variety of made-to-order egg dishes that were very well prepared .
however , the dining room was unpleasantly crowded at breakfast most of the week because of a large pharmaceutical company convention .
my 5th floor bedroom had a large window that looked out over rooftops .
soundproofing from the hallway was good but rooms on lower floors have windows that face directly into other buildings in the back or onto grafton street in the front , which is very noisy .
the hotel is in the city center , surrounded by bars and shops .
this makes for a noisy environment , particularly in the front of the hotel , which faces down grafton street with its rows of bars and hundreds of patrons standing in the street and drinking throughout the evening .
you would hear some of this noise if your room faces that street but my room faced the back of the hotel and for most of my week-long stay , it was quiet .
however , on my last night , a loud , thumping drumbeat from a party on another street continued past 1:00 am until i called the front desk .
they were very responsive and after deciding it was not coming from grafton street , came up to my room to check it out .
i was told it was coming from a rear street and they would try to stop it .
within a half-hour , it had quieted down .
whatever the annoyances , the exceptional service certainly compensated .
i probably would have appreciated the westbury even more if i had not stayed first at the elegant , historic ( and much quieter ) shelbourne a few blocks away .
i am giving it four stars only because i can not rate it as highly as the shelbourne .
