stayed on a luxury escapes deal , was still expensive but would not have been happy if paying the usual b & b prices of between $ 700- $ 1000 per night .
yes the view is amazing as you arrive in the so called `` reception '' area and equally as stunning from the villas .
our villa ( 305 ) had chipped , worn furniture and flooring , broken outdoor parasol , no cushions on sunbeds and showed overuse in other areas unfortunately the overall feel was tired and worn , not 5 star luxury i 'm afraid .
the in room tv information system was clunky and difficult to operate , would say this system has not been updated since instillation .
you really do need your pool here as the beach is what i can only describe as grim , covered in rubbish , including lots of glass , shallow , rocky and dirty water , went down once , never again !
only saw a coupe of people down there for the whole week !
we had a bad flood in our room on our 3rd night about 9 .
30pm air con went wrong , the water was pouring in .
they sent one young guy down , he was in our room over an hour , he eventually fixed it and mopped up .
no one ever followed this up , asked if was ok or apologized which leads me onto the poor communication and lack of management .
this needs addressing badly .
on a positive we enjoyed the dinner at jahn restaurant , breakfast was good , dinner at zest nice but only offered the choice of 2 set menus which gets boring !
had dinner once at azur café , that 's just what it feels like , a pool side café , maybe ok for lunch .
we had come here to relax , granted , but found it so isolated , bordering on boring and annoying that you have to rely on a calling a buggy literally go anywhere , .
the hotel does provide a daily shuttle to chaweng/lamai areas which we did , found them ok , had cheap massage in each place .
went on hotels speedboat ride to matsum island , was good to sit on a sandy beach , they stop and let you snorkel briefly on the way , makes a pleasant few hours out .
our package included 2 massages in the spa .
again , lovely view from there , treatments ok nothing special , would n't have paid the seriously over inflated prices normally .
on reading other peoples reviews i have to agree and say this place is catering for the 2/3 nights stay asian market , a week here is too long , we considered checking out after 4 days and heading somewhere else .
this place is absolutely not suitable for young children , we were amazed as seeing some here , way too dangerous !
maintenance and management need serious attention will not be returning .
