we ( couple ) stayed in villa 9 for three nights and paid au $ 215 / thb 5,500 per night including breakfast .
the villa itself was lovely , clean and very spacious .
the bed and pillows were super comfortable , and the linen was very luxurious .
the indoor/outdoor bathroom was a novelty too .
beware - this is a resort catering specifically to muslims .
there is no alcohol or pork served , which is n't a deal breaker , as you can buy alcohol at a convenience store a few minutes away and drink it by the pool .
also beware of the mosque next door - you 'll be woken at 5:22am every morning with a 3 minute call to prayer over the loudspeaker ! ! !
highlights : - lovely rooms , very spacious with comfortable beds- well-maintained gardens with a lovely outlook over the towering limestone cliffs- amazing views from the rooftop pool and breakfast restaurant- great spa with 2 for 1 specialsdisappointments : - service was very lacking , especially at the front desk .
they 're very disinterested in booking tours or making external restaurant reservations- breakfasts were substandard .
there was a minimal selection of everything ; only two or three fruit put out each day ( always the same fruit ) , bakery items , etc .
service was friendly , albeit slow- wifi was shocking !
the connection would constantly drop out , and speeds varied .
the fast 30 mbps wifi was only available at the main / upper building , with the villas only able to connect to a very slow 3mbps .
we did n't mind the location - being tucked away from the busy beachfront was a blessing , with a 15 minute walk ( very safe ) .
the resort has a free hourly shuttle from 7am - 10pm daily .
the resort has two pools , one at the rooftop and one down below amongst the gardens .
the rooftop pool offers stunning views over the limestone cliffs , with plenty of pool lounges available as well as a basic drinks and food menu .
we spent about an hour at the rooftop pool and not once were we approached asking if we wanted any food/drinks - relates to the poor service .
you ca n't get food / drinks at the lower pool , however you do get a lovely tropical setting , but no views .
would i stay here again ?
probably , based on the spacious and super-comfortable villa and beautiful tropical gardens .
if they improved their service and breakfast , this would have been a 5/5 review .
if you like a busy resort with music , bar and great pool scene , then do n't stay here .
if you 'd like a quiet and relaxing stay , and can live without service and alcohol , then you 'll enjoy it !
