i have been staying in my place for couple of years now often staying for two weeks at the time .
i have already given a very good review for this place , as i have originally really liked it but my last stay was a huge disappointed and i do n't think i 'll be coming back .
couple of months ago i booked two rooms for at my place for myself and a colleague of mine .
i have arrived earlier and went out while my coleague was supposed to arrive the late evening .
i came back from a concert around midnight and found my colleague sleeping on a couch in the lounge room .
she told me that the room that i have rented for her and paid for ( they charge you the full amount upon the reservation ) was given to a random romanian man ( the room was rented for a greek female ) who just walked in from the street .
he aparently has told them that he had a reservation , they told him my name and he said yes so they let him in without checking his id .
can you imagine ?
my colleague was supposed to get a room but for some strange reason she could n't just let her in ( while she had no problem letting the man into our room ) and she had to wait for her manager who was coming from home to authorize this change .
i remind you this was midnight on sunday and we had an early morning on monday .
we 've waited for the manager for an hour who showed up and authorised the room change without even coming to see us and apologizing for this mess .
my colleague got her room finally but noticed that the lock at the door was broken and asked if it could be fixed as she had some valuables with her .
they said that they would take care of it the first thing in the morning so she slepped in an unlocked room .
the next day when we came back to the hotel in the evening the door was still not fixed with all her valuables in and in addition it smelled like a sewage - i mean really , really bad .
we 've complained and my colleague was moved to a third room ( in two days ) .
i said that i wanted to speak with a manager and wanted some discount as all of this was really uneccaptable .
the receptionists said that she is not authorized to do a refund since we have already paid but that the manager will call me and will try to settle this .
she took my cell phone number .
the manager has never contacted me even though i 've called back twice .
i am super disappointed in the horrible service we have received .
i am back in vienna again for two weeks and staying at a different place of course .
