we stayed in chongqing for a couple of nights and think this place was one of the best hostels we stayed in on our 7 month tour of asia ( south korea , china , india and se asia ) .
we stayed in a 6 bed dorm which had excellent large bunk beds along each wall .
none of your shaky metal pole bunks either ; these were hardcore wooden efforts made with beams thick enough to build houses .
if the person above you moved you 'd barely even notice , although that did n't help much with snoring neighbours !
each bunk also had a full length curtain so you could literally cocoon yourself away from the world at night .
the room had a good wifi signal too .
the staff here were friendly , but one girl in particular was fantastic help and spoke excellent english .
she helped us out with advice on travelling to wanzhou and taking a local bus to a rural village which has stilted housing .
when we left they even gave us as note of the hostel number and said that if we needed any assistance anywhere in china we should feel free to give them a call .
there is a cool bar / restaurant area at the front of the hostel which is a good place for meeting fellow travellers .
get a bottle of the local chinese red wine from the bar : it 's pretty good !
we ate here a few times and food was quite acceptable and affordable to our backpacker budget .
the hostel is really well centrally located on the banks of the yangtze river .
we found it easy to reach from the nearest metro station because it was all downhill , but that made leaving chongqing a bit harder going back uphill so i would suggest getting a cab .
it 's a pleasant 15mins walk to and from the city centre up some old narrow steps , through the backsteps of an old town area ( if that has lasted , given the pace of redevelopment i .
n the city ) .
it 's also well located for the riverfront tourist area and the cable car rides which cross the river ( also worth doing to explore the other side a bit ) .
yes there was a huge bridge being built across the river , but that also made for an interesting site .
whether you like it or not , chongqing is urban china regeneration / redevelopment in action .
we enjoyed our stay here and if we ever find ourselves in the city again we would consider staying here .
