the bedroom was lovely and at 80usd a night including breakfast for 2 i could n't fault it !
the large pool is fab and bizarrely has a man made beach beside it .
the bathroom was gorgeous with lovely big bath and sliding wall you could ( if so inclined !
) open up to the bedroom .
we had a view over the pool and park which was nice .
the breakfast buffet was good with a large selection - although things do tend to be lukewarm .
the dinner buffet was a bit grim - not quite international standards and not a great selection for european palates .
the freeflow wine was awful .
i think there are a few things around english ability ( and i would normally say fair enough but this hotel attracts a lot of international guests ) - trying to order the advertised high tea caused some problems , , , and took ages , choosing pillows from the pillow menu was also trying .
so while the hotel advertises services , the staff are either not aware of them or not able to understand .
despite advertising healthy smoothies at the pool , the only thing on offer was red bull or sprite - a wasted opportunity for the hotel , not great when you are laying by the pool and a real pain to have to go to the hotel to get lunch .
i would only recommend staying here for one or two nights - specifically to go see the pandas 5 mins away so you can get there early .
also there is a free bus to the park and then the city , but the return one is 6 hours later and you can really only spend 4 hours tops in the park . . .
then no taxi will take you back ( and it is still too far to walk ) . . . .
we ended up having to get in a guys car - which would have been uninsured . . . .
i pointed it out to the staff that it just was n't acceptable and they needed to sort out a different bus schedule . . .
but i do n't think they understood .
i would say this is pretty urgent .
there are a couple of shops if you walk down the hill - a small supermarket , hairdresser . . .
that 's about it .
i went to the spa for a massage - the girl could n't speak any english at all - so again , a challenge when you want to be specific about how that works !
also there was drilling going on for the whole hour at 5 .
30pm . . .
so not relaxing and not worth the 80usd . . . .
