i was here on a 1 day business trip just yesterday .
i chose this hotel as i read very good reviews about the upper house and decided to try it for the first time .
i landed in hkg at 530am and i got to the hotel by 730am .
they had a room available for us which was very kind of them and promptly showed us to the room .
we are in room 3805 ( 38th floor ) in a studio 70 room .
the room is huge !
the bathroom is just as big as the bedroom and both had the same view of the city , and the view is gorgeous .
the rooms are very good .
it was very well appointed , it had everything you wanted , from basic shaving kit and combs to hair dryers , safe , a work table , with multiple adapters for your gadgets .
it has a ipod touch for you to refer your daily bill of the hotel , to find out information of the property and also to order room service .
the room came with some freebies ; free m & ms , free chocolate bars , free bottles of water in the chiller , 4 free bottles of beers ( heineken ) , coffee and tea .
there are wines in the chiller as well and they had a white tag hung around the neck of the bottles ; those you have to pay and the prices are printed in the tags .
the hotel doesnt have a swimming pool if you are planning to bring your bathing suit along , though the bar on the 49th floor ( cafe deluxe grey ) is great , we had drinks there and it was fantastic to be able to see hkg at night , very very nice experience .
the place is very packed in the evenings hence its wise to make a reservation .
price isnt too steep compared to singapore , and as usual , the place is very busy , at times orders might be a little slow , but its to be expected for a chic place like that .
breakfast is on the 49th floor at cafe grey deluxe , the view is stunning .
choices for breakfast are excellent , and they taste good , at times they could be very busy and orders might take a little longer than usual , but its expected as it is a popular place to dine there .
location of the place is great .
from the airport express , we took the free shuttle bus to jw marriott hotel and the upper house is right next to it .
it was about a 10min bus ride from the airport express station .
if you want to take the mtr , its 5 mins walk to the admiralty station , location wise , its unbeatable and very convenient .
from the airport , it took us only 50 mins in total to reach our hotel and vice versa .
this property location is great , rooms are stunning , the hotel is pretty and smells great .
