for once i was a few hours early and the check-in was very businesslike during which i was told to come back at check-in time ( 15:00hrs ) .
i guess it all comes down to the person who is at the reception desk , one going the extra mile , while another is not .
i thus spend a few hours in their restaurant , for a long lunch ( obviously paid for ) .
that has a nice view over the water and certainly during the summer is a true asset .
food was not spectacular but simply good with enough variance .
for dinner it is wise to book a table as it might be complete .
the room proved to be spacious but basic and had free internet access ( which should be a service at every hotel !
) .
the room interior is from the 70’s/80’s and , although all still functions and looks proper , it would be good to start replacing the furniture and carpet .
the tv therefore is a small square box on which one would not enjoy to look at a movie anymore .
the beds were nice , something which does not need a change .
rates are in general attractive .
it had a parking view , so , for those who want to enjoy the surroundings as well as view , a lake-view room should be booked .
during my last stay , a couple of years ago , i had that room for the same price , so one has to be lucky ( i guess ) .
after my 1st night in the hotel i noticed a sign saying that one can get an upgrade for an additional eur20 ; nobody had told me that at the front desk !
as for star-rating , 4 stars seems to be generous but 3 stars might be too little .
checkout was quick and correct ; one just does not need to forget to ask for a coin to be able to leave the parking in front of the hotel ( which one receives at the front desk as courtesy when one spend eur20+ in the restaurant ) .
when one likes boating and enjoy bike rides around the lake ( s ) , a great location ; when one has a business meeting in the amsterdam/utrecht area and enjoy the afternoon in nature , the perfect location .
for only business it might be somewhat less exiting and out of the way .
as it is just in between a few business locations i need to visit , it is at the right place for me ; i therefore would return .
