facilitiesfacilities are rather limited other than restaurant which although has a limited buffet selection ( 2 fruits , rolls and cheese ) they do have a menu of various items such as pancakes , omelets , and even fried noodles with chicken ( my personal favourite ) food is fresh and good quality - it located about two shops down from entrance ( new building ) but nice place to watch the world go by whilst having breakfast .
i slept very well , air conditioning works well - however only gripe was that key card operates all power so sometimes would get back to room and it was a sauna however a/c kicks in once card is in slot within 5 minutes it is fine again .
it was a spacious room and there was in addition a nice size desk with a desk top computer , kettle for hot drinks- a nice cold fridge for the complementary waters and fruit bowl , as well as a large satellite tv - although limited tv for westerners .
however the actual hotel is located down a cute alley amongst all this but it surprisingly very quiet at night ( although was on top floor ) .
locationhotel is located in the heart of everything - although in back packing district it is the area where all the actions happens at night with loads of restaurants , bars and shops .
also in close vicinity and around 15 minute walk is the saigon sky deck - the new tallest building in saigon which has a bar with happy hour on the top floor- free entry with amazing sunset views .
overall really enjoyed my two day stay at this most reasonable and probably best hotel within this district , room was comfortable and quiet amongst the busy streets below and staff were just so helpful and friendly .
check-in and check-out was done efficiently with nice welcome and map immediately issued at check-in of the local area as well as tours to do through tnk travel .
hotel is around 30 minutes from the main airport , very efficient and organised transfer service from the hotel in which is $ 20 pick and $ 10 drop-off. .
the bathroom was very clean and in good condition with power shower accompanied by generous branded amenities basket and towels .
