the room rate was somewhat more than the below $ 100/nt deals i could have gotten for similar or even nicer hotels in the loop or michigan ave , but the location was ideal for our purposes of nightlife and restaurants as we walked to everything and probably saved a small fortune on cabs .
i did n't get a chance to see what the continental breakfast looked like , nor the fitness room with jacuzzi , but we were busy having fun taking in the neighborhood with unique shops , a variety of restaurants , and the nightlife of `` boystown .
they could n't see my reservation because it was not booked on the best western website ( just showed the front desk person the e-mail confirmation on my phone and it was all good ) , and the tub drained pretty slow , but what can i expect from a building that 's probably 100yrs old .
pingpong was also down the street -- very popular contemporary asian restaurant populated by the mostly younger and trendy crowd , waits for a table even during the week may be long without reservations , and somewhat loud with the blaring music .
instead , the room was in warm browns , the curtain was replaced by plantation shutters , there was a 42in flat panel lcd , nice wood furniture with actual headboard , and nice plush bedding with duvet .
the room also had a small refrigerator with separate freezer , two complementary daily bottles of water , as well as a microwave and a kurig single-serving coffee maker with various flavors .
fortunately , parking was only $ 22/nt ( it was valet parking in the garage was next to hotel with in-and-out privileges ) compared to $ 40+ at downtown hotels .
the bath was also renovated with matching tiled floor and tub/shower surround , rainshower , and even a nice , large back-lit mirror .
while the bricked outdoor terrace and small lobby seemed to be almost the same as i remembered from our last stay , the rooms had obviously been renovated .
there are two red-line train stations , each a 5-10min walk if you want to brave the winter weather , which we did .
